["i'm an experienced dom, several years, looking for an almost no limits slut/slave/fuck toy to come to me and serve. due to weird work schedule i'm free during the weekdays only. list of kinks and fetishes is long but a quick summary (raceplay, ageplay, slavery, free use, body worship) most links are flexible and negotiable. white, 39, 6ft, blonde, blue eyes. in san jose and can host. please be fit or well endowed up top, and able to travel. non white slaves to the front but will consider anyone if chemistry is right. feel free to pm me with questions or interest.", "i would love if someone played as a celeb, or pornstar, in this idea. i'm usually open to most but here are some as a list. anna kendrick, jennifer aniston, jennifer lawrence, sofia vergara, mia khalifa, salma hayek, kim kardashian, dove cameron, emily osment, and debby ryan. as i said, i'm open to more, but bring a picture just in case i don't know them.   as for a scenario, i'm open to a lot. from a fan meet up, or prize winning, at the club, college party, it doesn't matter as we can discuss it.   i'm usually open to anything so i'll give you my limits. impreg, pegging, being overly dom, anal, scat, piss, watersports, feet, noncon, and major pain.   if interested kik me at pretaxatol52    all participants and characters are 18+", "tiles says it all. it's hard to find good scenes where the tops are fucking hard, love seeing the bottoms reach to the tops and to each other.   c'est la vie!", "Link Thanks so", "one room. two beds. one horny guy. make me cum if you can! kik me joguy69", "hey!  im looking to get in", "on business travel and looking for some fun", "armpits, knee pits, crook of her elbow, between her neck and shoulder... just weird places to put your dick", "i want to send you videos of the gf and have you tell me what you'd do to her degrade me etc.  if you do a good enough job i'll let you fuck her.", "jonnywanks2ya", "Im super horny Please help me cum kik me ahdict21", "#f!vjwdxbcl!0m6vkfonzno5sybrdj4nzg", "i love showing it and seeing woman react to it because they've never had it so big, and i love getting it rated too, so send me a message x", "dirty old man looking to exchange pics and chat with a younger woman. be over eighteen. you've noticed me looking at you and you can't ignore the bulge in my pants when i kiss you good night. include a picture and tell me what gets your pussy wet. i enjoy oral, bondage, anal, humiliation, ageplay, dd/lg, breeding, raceplay, etc... looking to share dirty pics and stories to keep me entertained while at work. come sit on daddy's lap and tell me everything that makes your little pussy hungry for daddy. i would be acting as a loving caretaker who really wants the best for his little girl, although has to be stern when they are being really naughty. women only. kik is captainchaosxxx. bonus points if you are a redhead or are pregnant. be willing to show off a little.", "your fantasy of a thick, throbbing black [cock](https://i.imgur.com/0uymcrh.jpg) filling each of your holes can be fulfilled tonight. just send me a pm and we discuss how you will use my cock for your pleasure.", "i'm at work for the next 6 hours at a desk so i won't be snapping much but i am down to chat!   if you are into feet, socks, underwear and/or like to chat, add me!   i'm pansexual/bisexual and i love talking to people that are new to this or curious about their sexuality.   if you're shy and don't know where to begin on all of this, i'm just the guy for you!   snap name = hypebois", "hey today i'm the mood for someone a little different. today i'm looking for ethnic girls. i'm especially interested in asian, desi, and arab girls but all other girls are equally welcome. as for the roleplay, this isn't raceplay. there isn't any weird dynamics regarding raceplay. i'd just like to have a normal chat. we can discuss kinks and limits and a scenario of if you'd like - or no scenario at all and get into it. preferably looking for ladies under 40 today, around my age is a bonus. but older is fine too. looking forward to the messages.  also any aussie girls around?", "Watch", "hello lovely ladies of reddit, i am a semi experienced crossdress who would love your help to put togheter an outfit or just to chat. if you are curious about what i look like there are a couple of pics on my profile.", "i'm 6' tall with average body, brown hair & beard and i enjoy snapping with big women  add v1texx (only women pls)", "[https://xhamster.com/videos/natural-big-boobs-with-glasses-masturbating-on-cam-9917787](https://xhamster.com/videos/natural-big-boobs-with-glasses-masturbating-on-cam-9917787)", "snapchat- niviixx", "beta here. into sph, femdom, cuckolding, interracial, raceplay, censoring, humiliation, etc. hmu", "it's going to rain tomorrow.  i bet i could let you play with my cock in my car without anyone noticing.    i'd be willing to return the favor.  married so very discreet. ddf.  just chill.", "theride195", "With so many people all looking for the same hard to stand not going to write a but I would like to chat with you and get to know you have you get to know central time profession and willing to give you all the attention a little shameless that lacking at I have a fairly wide range of interests and would like to get to know you and your If that sounds PM", "sorry if its not actually japanese, im just assuming it is.", "kik me at jlarson222222222", "pm for kik. she is 19, petite with big tits and sexy as fuck.", "the title just about sums it up. i'm currently going to school in the boston area and i'm quite inexperienced when it comes to sex, to say the least. so i'm looking for something casual wherein i can get that experience.  as for myself, i'm a cs major, so pretty much by default i'm into games and movies and general nerd stuff. i've been hitting the gym recently so i'm skinny but in pretty decent shape. i like to think i'm easygoing, so we should be able to get along pretty well no matter what. also, i'm a quick learner, so with any luck i won't be the only one enjoying the fruits of this relationship ;)  if you're interested hit me up on here or kik (same name) and we can start chatting.  [pic related, it me](https://i.imgur.com/xalx2rh.png)", "i love getting to know new people. what better way than through a question game. i am open to dirty questions clean questions life questions in general all questions.  come out and play and let's start the journey to a new friendship", "love to dirty chat. can send face.  ++++if you send face++++good looking under 38 over 19", "Who wants to compare their cock to I love seeing my cock against another PM me if you want to", "only hot guys  chubby and old guys stay away.  sc nicestnicest1.", "been awile since ive made a post here and would love to meet a ton of other ponies~ i use my own oc but have no problem with ponies that use original ponies!  i mostly use kik for rping so id appreciate if you message me there, (kik is tao deer) but ill do my best to respond to the messages i get here as well!", "i dont get out much these days and most my free time is at work so i would like to find a funny girl i can talk to through out the day. we can flirt' laugh and be a little dirty with one an other. if you got some life issues you're dealing with i'd be happy to lend a ear.  i drink a good amount of beer and watch alot of movies. if i wasn't so broke i'd have alot more hobbies tho. i tend to snowboard once or twice a year and play video games once in a while. i'm on dirtyr4r cause i'm horny all the time as well.", "Looking for a hung cock to cum with me right now before Send asl and pic in first message Mprescott92", "bi slim hairy latino looking to chat and trade. looking for a long term thing. be 19-26. no fat or chub. sc: jdodd2019", "hey so i wanna drill a hole into the wall so me and my roommate can hang our ukuleles; they're really in an inconvenient spot on the floor currently. i know that the u of a has a specific paint mixture for their walls, so i'm curious if anyone actually knows what this ratio is. we fully plan to repair the holes at the end of the year with putty, but need to know how to match the paint.  thanks!", "i know there is a way to do this by having to go to reddit official website and turn off nsfw posts but that is a hassle.   i also get you can filter out specific subreddits all together but having a nsfw off/on switch would be convenient as hell.", "hey!  i'm looking for some long term \"partner\", who would like to talk about almost anything in world, and would love when we slip to tease each other with dirty words and making both of us horny .  i'm from finland and i spend a lot's time listening to music and playing guitar. i would say i'm pretty open-minded and i'm almost up for anything.  hit me up, if you would like to talk and have some fun maybe ;)", "i've had 2 separate past experiences with my older sis and then my mom. those 2 experiences have followed me and molded future choices in how i approach sex. i'm married and she doesn't know how i like to indulge in those past thoughts and that i masturbate to them to get off. she knows a little about my past with sis but not with mom. i find myself attracted to other women who can relate to this type of stuff as they also like to act out their past experiences. i don't feel victimized by any of this, in fact i'm extremely happy i experienced it.  i do engage in risky or rough sexual behavior with other women. i am drawn towards women who have past incest/molestation experiences, and/or rape trauma. i have found some women that i felt comfortable enough to share my past with and they let me recreate it with them and in turn i recreated their trauma with them... it's very cathartic as many of you know.  has your past experiences affected you in your \"normal\" everyday relationship with your spouse? do they know about your past? do they indulge in it for your pleasure or are turned off by it? do you seek other people outside of your marriage to fulfill those needs? any other info you can share in how it has affected you... good and bad would be helpful just for me to get a sense of where my thoughts and emotions stand compared to others.  ultimately i'm looking for a woman who has had a similar past and has embraced it for what it is, who is open to chatting about it because it turns her on, will allow a guy to recreate his/her experiences to fulfill that deep urge for sexual satisfaction that they are worried to seek from others who don't understand it.", "after a long work day and a big workout, what's better than stripping down and having a good stroke? stripping down with another fit guy and admiring each other's bodies, then stroking your cocks together until you both shoot roles across the room.   if that sounds like your thing, message me with your asl & kik.", "There it a nude picture of my childhood on an escorting I believe she was actually a But the more I thought about the more it made How did such a bubbly girl who seemed to have no common sense and no plans for her life manage to achieve straight Why did she always stay after school with the she must have been screwing them for her not like anything I could do about no one would believe that such a sweet and bubbly girl was actually a I went to Twitter to cool off and to see what my favorite artists had produced and noticed a new trending hashtag on the if you report a tax evader to the you can get of the missed taxes they Women who earn money from posting photos on social media and sex workers often pay taxes on that I bet Sayori been paying her taxes due to the sensitive nature of her The IRS probably wants some of what been earning and be trivial for them to audit her since they have access to her bank and payment processor I filled out the form on their website with personal information and clicked Will it actually As I was walking home from school the next I saw a IRS van pull up in front of Holy they actually took my tip I hid behind a hedge and A man came out of the IRS van and knocked on the this is the Does Sayori live Sayori gently opened the Why are you audit says you been paying your here to take our Come on Sayori turned around and entered her The man beckoned to the van and suddenly a torrent of IRS agents erupted from the back and streamed into the Why would the IRS need that many men to collect I crept closer to the side of the house and peered inside a window to see what was happening inside the living Sayori was sitting on the sofa with the IRS agents surrounding She was already in the middle of taking her clothes I felt my cock start to stiffen as I realized how the IRS planned to take their The job of the IRS is to fuck after The man in front whipped out his cock and pushed head towards She began sucking on it with great gusto as the other men Another man stripped off his pants and positioned himself behind He pulled down her panties and maneuvered his cock inside then began to fuck her with reckless The man in front soon pulled his cock out of mouth and shot his load all over then moved aside to let another agent have his turn with Dicks of all colors jackhammered their way into lewd The sun went yet the orgy continued without any signs of Just how much could these men It went like that all with each agent having multiple turns with Sayori as they filled all of holes and plastered her with I could hear her moans from outside the house as she hopped on cock after her small breasts bouncing up and down as multiple men had their way with her at once in an unending cock One guy was playing Super Smash Bros on Nintendo He must be the token gay guy in the because he had only fucked Sayori in the ass once before opting to play video games instead of engaging in the orgy that was going on next to As the sun the IRS agents began to leave the leaving Sayori on the who had been completely painted white with their your I felt something hit the back of my I yelped and turned An IRS agent had thrown a bundle of bills at money is I though definitely want to wash it as soon as I got But there was still one more thing I needed to I stashed the bundle in my pocket and strode into Sayori had collapsed onto the The area around her was covered with and it She weakly raised her is that What are you doing I unzipped my probably already screwed hundreds of not like one more would make any", "@ myfatdick69  horny  uncut  no face  love a hairy daddy  no chubs sorry", "i'm an exhibitionist, known to stroke for voyeurs on chaturbate from time to time. if you're up for some dirty talk, pics or want to watch me on cam, send me a message!", "aabbe2", "looking for thin/twink/fit guys who like to show off and send a lot of their nudes and/or be worshipped to hmu. gay, straight,bi welcomed. pm kik and asl.", "can provide proof if needed...  we can meet up for drinks, conversation, or whatever else we want! i'm a decently attractive white male, 6'1, and 195lbs if that matters", "looking to have a hot time lets get it on", "sc: jpres696", "i'm 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  greetings. so i'm looking for someone to play becky for me and play out a sexy little match. maybe we're close friends with a secret affection for each other or even a couple just looking to spice things up. you jokingly make a bet that you could make me submit first (i'm not a skilled fighter but am athletic and tricky). we clear some room at your place or meet at the local gym after hours and go for it. what follows is a lustful, adrenaline rush of a fight that ends in sweat, cum and our bodies pressed against each other in orgasm.   kinks: low blows, femdom, affection, teasing, oral, submission.  limits: vomit, gore, blood, toilet and other related topics.  would love to hear from you. please pm me if interested.", "i'm looking for a girl who has a craving for a big black cock. you are horny and insatiable and the only thing that will satisfy you is a bbc. no one else will know your secret except me, but i will make you worship my cock anytime and anywhere. at work, at church, at your grandparents house, or while you're fucking your boyfriend. i will turn you into a walking, talking bbc addict. the more innocent you act and look, the better. extra bonus points if your family wouldn't approve. let me make you the slut you know you're meant to be.", "here's the deal...i'm dominant...you're submissive...it just works. i would love a sweet sub that knows her place at home. pleasing me...and taking care of all my needs. preferably you're my sub wife or girlfriend and you've given up everything to just focus on my life and my desires.  anything and everything is for me. you understand that my routines and pleasure is paramount. you accept it and daddy loves you for it. i require a lot and have high expectations. i need you to take on this role as your full time job, understand?  your duties involve cooking, cleaning, and constant ball draining. i should be met at the door with a cold beer and a nude body eager to pull me to the couch to give me release. ready to be my good girl?  kink: dom/sub, impregnation, degradation, bimbofication, incest, and much more :)", "8 inch bbc looking for a jo bud to share porn with, compare, trade, share stories, whatever. i started edging a little earlier but can go for however long. not into sending ass pics or going live. message me", "i've been studying for exams and my sleeping  schedule is messed up, so i can't sleep. i'm primarily looking to get off with someone, but i'm down for anything. hit me up!", "DM offers", "[verification](https://i.imgur.com/4glhykg.jpg) and [other non-dick pic](https://i.imgur.com/vljyyew.jpg)  i'm visiting los angeles and looking to have some mutual fun with the right girl. i'm more than happy to make you feel good ([see my other post for my take on muff diving](https://www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/comments/a1eh8y/27 m4f losangeles next week only/)) or do other fun bedroom things.  **logistics**: i will be in l.a. from **december 6th - 9th** and am able to meet up at any time during those four days. i can likely host at my airbnb in santa monica during the day on the 6th and 7th, or i could get a more private hotel room at any time.  **you**: ddf (test results preferred, and marijuana okay), relatively height/weight proportional, 18-35 years old, and female. bonus points if you enjoy cum in any way, as that really gets me going (although non-oral activities will include condom usage).  **me**: ddf (with very recent test results), 6'1\" tall, 185 lbs, and well-groomed downstairs. i have a kik, so we can talk there if you'd prefer. i'm not attached to my beard, so i'm happy to shave it (or you can shave it if you think that'd be fun). i'm open to hanging out for more of my stay if we click, especially if you care to show me the best taco spots.", "there's a pic in my history, my user is jjwebb010", "good evening ladies, this is an offer for a mustache ride open to all ottawa area women. i am a 33 year old white male with a slim athletic build, that loves to tease, taste and please a woman. i am located in the east end but am mobile and open to whatever situations arise. pm me and maybe we can make something happen. check my profile for pictures if interested.", "jasyn is open about the fact that he's a dominant-leaning switch. however, he's recently been dipping into his submissive side. because of this, he's interested in finding another guy (bi or gay) to dom him. he has specific tastes in these kinds of men, and his preferences are listed below. he is also interested in doms that put in the effort (i.e., not writing short posts in response to long ones). as for a scene, i'll throw out a suggestion: your character spots jasyn at the gym while in the changing room and decide to try and woo him.  if you're interested, throw me a reference image, your favorite kinks, limits, and a bit about your character. i write in the past tense, third person, and post at least one paragraph per post (4 sentences). my limits are feet, weight gain, farting, most vore, macro/micro, and vomit. the fewer limits on your end, the better! my timezone is est/edt/utc -5. please use proper grammar and punctuation! i'm not looking for shape-shifters or femboys. when he's submissive, he heavily prefers the following: stallions, bovines, dilfs (not fat), older men in general, and men with hairy bodies.", "bi guy looking to edge with someone. we can get off to our favorite celebs, compare cocks, share porn, hot family members etc   pm me your kik and lets have some fun!", "hey there got some pics on another phone i wanna watch you jerk off to them on cam.. prefer older and hairy.. pm kik", "Just your average black college student trying to keep things If anyone is interested kik me Check my profile for", "pics available on my profile. looking to chat with someone who wants to treat me like a lady...or perhaps a dirty little slut...or an innocent young woman...you get the jist of it. send me a pm or a chat if you like what you see.   i'd prefer to stick to chatting over reddit if possible!", "1. the anniversary: you always looked so cute in your winter clothes, covering up so much yet still able to tease me, that's why i rejected the cabin for us for out anniversary, just you and me in the cozy place taking turns pounding each other's ass in the most romantic ways possible   2. best friends: we've been best friends since we were little, inseparable at times, when you needed someone to talk to i was always the one, i was the first to know that you were  trans and the most supported even if i asked a lot of dumb questions. you know i'm a really sweet but admittedly shy guy wi a really hard time with the ladies so after transitioning a bit you ask me out on a date to get my confidence up, we need up having a really good time and go on from there.   3. a surprising bar hook up that goes well?: you liked coming to this bar, the staff were nice and the cocktails were good, but it was a slow paced joint with not a lot of foot traffic, sure guys hit on you but most ran off when they found out you had a dick, though when i came by and started to hit on you, from the smell of my breath drunk, you were polite enough to inform me straight up that you had a dick which i said \"so i'll suck it if it mean i get to sleep with ya cutie\"  basically from what you can probably gather i'm looking to do a scene with anyone playing a trans or futa character in which we take turns with who's dom or sub   my big kinks are bondage, rough sex, leather, latex and degradation   limits are gore, vore, impreg, and bathroom stuff  all characters and parties will be 18+   if your interested in any of these ideas or have your own hit me up at alexpayne1115", "i'm sure there's a way we can get into an online poker room somewhere, vid like we're sitting across from each other, and every other hand we lose, something comes off.  i'm 5'10\", puerto rican, 35m, 230lb and still losing it, and can play other games you may feel you have an advantage. i just need to get it done so i can get some sleep. please help!  first post on here, so help me out, willya? not picky, about age or body or build - i'm a face guy. i'm sure i'll get to like the rest of you.", "hey! so i recently slept with a boy and wanna talk to a lady about it. maybe i should come out?", "i'm 38, tall, lean, and need to express my dominant traits tonight. i'm a sadist, enjoy clamping nipples, delivering spankings/beatings/leaving marks, degrading talk, and more than anything else fucking your face. if you want the hottest fucking talk ever, hit me up.", "Hey I am a 23 year old guy in a relationship with a very conservative In our 2 year old relationship my girl even let me kiss her once let alone get physically intimate with We had any phyiscal relationship I love her but am literally starved of any sexual intimacy as she considers anything before marriage a I am like any other guy with sexual tension building up and hence looking for a female companion over here to chat to share my story and to explore the sexual part of my Any female interested kindly hit me My kik id is kevinbobo1907 My snap is kevinbobo1907", "looking for vids mostly with pics to start. kik in my bio", "what secretly gets you off? tell me all about it! looking forward to the orange envelopes ;)", "would love to see your favourites family members and what you would do to them hit me up for kik", "looking to have my interracial porn addiction turned into a black cock addiction. can send sopics to those who verify.  otherwise just send them to me and humiliate me. pm me here.", "sc: dochet8", "hello i'm a guy who has been role-playing on and off forell a couple years and i can do a paragraph or so if detail and i ask you to do the same.  some possible ideas are for skyrim are  where the dragonborn when he is doing bleak falls barrow where i save you from the frostbite spider and you join me in my travelers    another one is that your bandit leaders naive daughter that i let live in return for becoming my companion/property   fallout ideas one of the more simple ones is i save you from a room you lock yourself in to get away from ghouls in the superduper mart. in return for helping we come to an agreement to what you can do for me   also i'm open to any ideas you may have or we could come up with one together. i'm cool with either a more plot driven one  i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  my kik is roleplayer556 hope to see you soon and send your kinks, limits and the phase \"atom bomb baby\" in your first messege", "mic to taboo fantasies and get off 34 m", "we meet in public for drinks or coffee. get acquainted, exchange some brilliant insights on life, the universe and everything. having gotten comfortable with one another, we retreat somewhere more private.  once indoors, driven by a primal desire, i strip you down, put you on your knees and guide your mouth onto my hard-rock cock. you let go, surrender yourself to my will. nature takes over... i spin you around, spread your legs, lose myself in your cunt. i spank, i bite, i pull your hair and choke you lightly, all the while my cock rams you deeper, harder... you squirm with ecstasy before me, your eyes roll back in shock and awe.  ever get fucked like that? want to?  drained and exhausted, we lie there for a while regaining our senses, then get up, don our clothes, exchange a passionate kiss and go our separate ways. if we want to, we do it again when the itch returns (as it invariably does).", "i bought a cheap cage from ebay.  https://www.ebay.com/p/designer-gold-edition-chastity-small-cage-lavish-and-luxurious-a283-1/859835910   i cleaned everything and started looking for a ring in the mix of them. turns out the biggest one was perfect and the one under that is too small. only problem is the biggest one broke tonight. i was wondering if there was a site that would  just sell me a new ring  perhaps a metal one or one of a better quality.  p.s. the ring is a u construction.", "anyone in kentucky", "me and a frequent play partner are looking to have a third cock join us...she is pregnant and sexy!", "looking for a filthy bitch that gets off on being humiliated, degraded, and verbally abused. i'm in a dominant and mean mood. would love to find somebody on the thicker side for some humiliation and abuse fun. so share some pics with me, let me tell you how you are trash, worthless, etc. i guarantee that i can put you down and get you sopping wet in the process. message me with your kik and we will go from there. also into race play. i am very serious about this and i promise to not hold back, so don't come into this with delicate feelings. let me treat you the way no other man has the balls to treat you. verification required.", "6'0, athletic islander staying at the cosmo until saturday. looking for a cute woman who might want some attention a few times until then.", "looking for a girl who wants to do naughty assignments. assignment will consist of videos you have to recreate. you can also send me assignments back.  if interested add dbaker580 on snapchat and we can talk more.", "looking at getting my first prostate vibe and need some advice on choosing My goal is to learn how to get that super not a stranger to putting stuff up my The closest come to a prostate O was from riding a fairly large Was on the cusp but cross the Never tried anything that vibrates so what looking A few looking at are the Lelo Lelo and the Aneros torn between the hands free style and something with a Something with a handle would allow for the penetration that I However since new I think I need to train my muscles to get to that big and wonder if having to hold the handle might make it tough to relax The Aneros toys seem designed for new users but I wonder if I could use the Lelo Hugo for that purpose If I went with what model would be The progasm looks interesting since bigger but I know if bigger is necessarily better in this Any insight would be much", "[https://66.media.tumblr.com/0df4690a940590e781056c30cee4b6f2/tumblr\\ pip73x0jco1vardz3o3\\ 1280.jpg](https://66.media.tumblr.com/0df4690a940590e781056c30cee4b6f2/tumblr pip73x0jco1vardz3o3 1280.jpg)", "a guy comes into the booth wearing shorts, he takes off his shirt and he's ripped, the girl compliments him.  it may have been \"haley's 5th, or 6th visit to the gloryhole\" but i can't find those anymore, for some reason. only 1-4", "hey, just a young guy looking to chat with a few others. i really enjoy being in a group and would definitely share some pics. i'm really kinky with only limits being blood and harm. bi too so anyone if you need one more, i'm here.", "kik:gten24681012", "so today has been a day. a few interviews, a slipped finger while prepping dinner leading to an er trip, and now i would love to get off with a lovely lady of dkp to end the day on a good note. i'm up to picture swap, roleplay, you know, the usuals.", "trade and chat with guys around my age", "Snapchat needdaddycock", "rway1111  ladies only please.", "hey dkp :)  i'm looking for some small penis humiliation. i'm 25yo, fit, still a virgin and submissive. i want someone that is more on the dominant side to talk with about it. the level of degradation/humiliation that you take it to is completely up to you! i don't have what it takes to stop you anyway.  pm me for kik and we can get started.", "i am 6' tall, dark hair, green eyed guy. athletic build, well kept beard, easy to talk to too and pretty witty. i am looking for a connection but trying to keep it online for now. i prefer snapchat to start. not trying to change anyone's situation and snapchat seems to be the best at that! add me on there and lets see if we can create something great. my username is mlando584. i look forward to chatting with you!", "i just love taking out my cock and stroking it for people. come by to either rate or admire it.. and lets see where the conversation goes from there..", "Im home alone for a little and need some Tell me about your dirtiest Show me your fav especially the ones youre embarrassed to tell anyone Help push my limits and turn me on while making me question why i could possibly be turned on right Lets play please", "looking to chat and get off. into tats. feeling a bit submissive but that could change. 420 friendly", "hey! i'm newly single and i'm now horny like 24/7. i wanna have some dirty chats that might end up in a hookup. i'm into giving oral and not being reciprocated. if you want to, that's fine! must be ddf and willing to use a condom (for sex) if we meet up.  pm me for kik", "even better if you're into wagers and trash talk. sc is tommayto", "would love to get joi from you possibly finishing with a tribute of your pic. love sending pics and vids during too so pm me asking for my kik/snap", "hmu @hairyteenbtm", "Looking for a naughty woman to tell me exactly what to do and potentially trade with if your interested give me a message mistress this is for you too Bbergy140", "now, i've had sex before. but my 2 serious past partners have never felt comfortable giving a bj. i'm really curious. help a guy out?", "do you think you are messed up enough to get this daddy off? try me. no limits encouraged. i have other chat accounts too. kik: nabbingtime", "20 m cali send pics snap: hiddenidolj", "really into being humiliated too, so don't hold back", "hello. i am 34 years old, around 6 ft 175 lbs, well educated with a solid career. i am playful and loving, but also take charge. i consider myself a cross between daddy and dom.  i am looking for a young, petite, virgin girl to spend my life with. i'm only interested in a girl in her teens or early twenties, around 5 ft 100 lbs, and is abstinent or at least virginal. marriage is on the table and i do want children in the future. write me if you're looking for something real.  location: virginia beach", "a really horny cock jerking off over my wife is a great turn on. kik is mpf555 if you want to.", "coming into town Monday and Tuesday from a city that have In n and would love to grab a Then maybe I can put my cock In n Out of your", "23m, nyc. honestly, i love my girlfriend but she just doesn't have the sex drive i need. help me get the relief i need, and i'll help you out too ;). honestly just looking for a girl who gets off knowing she is the other woman.  british, 6ft1. come have some fun ;) send me a pic and maybe we'll hit it off and have fun.", "who better to judge what you have than a someone who is bi, i have seen my fair share of both sides and feel there must be fair ratings in this world, dm for kik and then send me what you've got either you or a friend or anything  also don't take things too seriously i'm just having a laugh since it's late and i'm bored", "on the home screen it blurs all nsfw content but on a sub i can see things just fine. why is this happening even though the setting is turned off?", "bbc here. 23. fit. love stroking to an audience. message me", "28 m - let me cuck you to pics of your wives, gf, or crushes need hot pics, nudes, underwear or bikini, or super sexy ones. feed my cock kik- konfuzn", "igger", "horny as hell for a dressed up sissy femboy or trap, wanna dominate a young sissy bitch, down for rp pic swapping or anything! carlwills999", "an hour from now i get to go home, get naked and rub out a nice orgasm! debating if i want to play with my prostate too...  message me with anything dirty that crosses your mind!", "ss4172", "after many hours of work and searching i have rounded up about 30gbs of albums/vids - near all content. if anything is missing let me know and the search will continue.   magnet:?xt=urn:btih:f007f17c45524cf37cac25381af51adf33fe5674&dn=%5bnika.natalia.nikola%5d&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.leechers-paradise.org%3a6969%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2f85.17.19.180%3a80%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2f185.86.149.205%3a1337%2fannounce  trackers seem to not be working - i hope dht picks it up.", "hey all. looking to chat / pic trade / vid trade with someone who's roleplaying as my big bro with a big dick. more info in my profile, or send me your kik id.", "I am looking for someone to have fun either in my car or your I am body average if that sounds good then hit me up and see where this", "i am looking for a laid back girl that will lay back and let me do all the work. age and race does not matter at all, pm if you are looking for a good time", "all parties must be 18+.  hey i'm axel. just a way to friendly crocodile that needs to give his seed to any lady that wants it. my kinks included breeding, creampies, thick girls, and anything else that doesn't involve scat, toilet play and diapers. and we can also have a real conversation if anyone if anyone is up for it", "like it says. i'm looking to go live with someone. let them tell me how to stroke my cock. tell me when i can and can't cum. kik is idl5714 message me if you are interested", "body writing?  public humiliation?  forced exhibitionism?  let's chat", "hey i am sharing sex stories if you want to hear some snap me at jeffreyj22", "i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  (very minor red dead redemption 2 spoilers)  greasy, sweaty, old, ugly, deceitful. that's what normal people think of dutch. but to me.. to me he aged like a fine wine. his face is mature, his jawline and mustache fit his face perfectly. but most importantly, his charisma is what draws me in.  hi there! i'm looking for somebody to play dutch from red dead redemption 2. this will be a romance driven. i need somebody to replicate dutch's charisma without deceiving my character. i'd like to be his wing-man. although i am not opposed to playing arthur, i would like to play somebody else.   oc: deep brown hair, a beard that isn't more than a half inch off of his face. under the beard is a young face, and even younger blue eyes. aged 21, aaron is barely the drinking age. he's muscular, devoting much of his early life to farmwork with his parents. however, a gang hunted and killed them, leaving aaron alone to fend for himself. broke and scared, he took a lone wolf approach, with only small robberies from stores to keep food in his stomach and tattered clothes on his back. the story will begin when he is about to hit his first big score, a local bank in valentine. young, rambunctious, energetic and snarky people  i would like it to be a prequel behind rdr2, where dutch is still sweet and pure towards his gang, while still being charismatic and deceitful towards others.  the scene will be a prequel to rdr2 and will involve the ideology of getting rich through deceit and robbery. we can expand as it goes, but it will be semi-parallel to rdr2 without the unraveling of dutch  message me! kik: leanspree", "Waking up with a small yawn I let my hand run through my shoulder length white hair and barely managed to contain a squeal of It was a tradition in my family that on their eighteenth year every child would visit the slave trader when he came to town and choose one as their personal Today was that day for a day I had waited for all my life and my excitement would not be dampened by the normal cold atmosphere of my Said excitement was clear from the massive tent in my covers and the dreams of beautiful women that plagued me all despite being the prim and proper heiress to my trade company I was also quite the sexual something my father had spent much money on keeping Whether it was paying for the silence of servant girls I contain myself around or hiring local whores to come to my room when we were away on Luckily he have to worry about his promiscuous behavior much longer because it was finally time for me to have my own personal servant to tend to my Hours later I sat in a carriage that traveled to the outskirts of my short and slender build adorned by a beautiful white dress that matched my alabaster skin and snow white hair which had been put up in a My ice blue eyes scanned over the crowds as we approached but I knew where I wanted to From the time I was a young girl I knew that other human girls be enough for and while elven woman were beauties without compare their slender frames left me the only species that could truly sate my lust was the perfection that were the women of the beast specifically the cow They naturally towered over most other sentient species and were easily the strength of ten normal the only thing that kept them from being a menace was the naturally docile dispositions that also made them perfect servant While all of this was part of the reason I adored it all paled in comparison to the mammoth sizes of their Massive breasts filled to the brim with hips wider then their already broad and immense rears that demanded to be squeezed and Only a woman like this could be the girl who would accompany me the rest of my you all for The name be going by is Nix and looking for a long term romantic and sexual looking for someone who can play a descriptive and forward There is nothing cuter and more attractive to me then a shy submissive who fights through her nature to satisfy her While I do plan on playing dominant I tend to be play a cruel more often choosing to be and a little This can stay as a simple slice of life style roleplay or if you find yourself enjoying it we can add more adventure elements to While far from if you feel like playing multiple characters certainly not As I described in the the character looking to play with will be much taller and more developed then a normal not quite hyper sizes though into Also by not interested in and tail are about as far as I go with physical With that said just send me a description of the character you want to play and lead us Feel free to ask any questions or make and Most things Toilet Bestiality", "https://www.gotporn.com/dude-checks-her-anal-at-a-casting-clip-video-1/video-10292312  thanks", "my snap is nasonclark14", "i'll send you pics of girls, you describe how you'd degrade them. more unique and twisted the better.  large majority will be non-nude.  no serious violence, no scat, no blood, no snuff.", "send face 18+ nick623507", "i want to see how taboo reddit can get. no limits. no judgement.   some of my kinks: being a bull for cuckold couples. incest. watersports. public. non-con. domination  i have had alot of fun experiences that i want to talk about: sex with a few teachers. both male and female. had a fwb who would let her dog fuck her while she sucked me off. had the mom of my best friend use me as her personal sextoy. and many more.", "i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  <partner search>  hey girls,  i love writing roleplays ans looking for a partner. i have some kinks like dom/sub, slut play, using somebody, non con, blowjobs, deepthroat, cumshots, clothes & outfits, anal, rough sex, spanking and more.  i like different plots, im open to nearly everything. i like normal dom sub plays or slut plays where i use somebody like i want but also like incests plays, roles with celebs or teacher/student plays.  i like it in a detailed way, not just short textes with 1-2 sentences.  only girls and only 18+, no limits for older.  if you are interested just like me taker53x", "I got one as a free gift with my CM but the site seems to have no indie on", "1. the anniversary: you always looked so cute in your winter clothes, covering up so much yet still able to tease me, that's why i rejected the cabin for us for out anniversary, just you and me in the cozy place taking turns pounding each other's ass in the most romantic ways possible   2. best friends: we've been best friends since we were little, inseparable at times, when you needed someone to talk to i was always the one, i was the first to know that you were  trans and the most supported even if i asked a lot of dumb questions. you know i'm a really sweet but admittedly shy guy wi a really hard time with the ladies so after transitioning a bit you ask me out on a date to get my confidence up, we need up having a really good time and go on from there.   3. a surprising bar hook up that goes well?: you liked coming to this bar, the staff were nice and the cocktails were good, but it was a slow paced joint with not a lot of foot traffic, sure guys hit on you but most ran off when they found out you had a dick, though when i came by and started to hit on you, from the smell of my breath drunk, you were polite enough to inform me straight up that you had a dick which i said \"so i'll suck it if it mean i get to sleep with ya cutie\"  basically from what you can probably gather i'm looking to do a scene with anyone playing a trans or futa character in which we take turns with who's dom or sub   my big kinks are bondage, rough sex, leather, latex and degradation   limits are gore, vore, impreg, and bathroom stuff  if your interested in any of these ideas or have your own hit me up", "so i have this fantasy. we listen to each other play and cum. no chit chat. we just finish and hang up", "adult male looking for adult female  hello!   i'm looking for someone to chat with(timezone doesn't matter to me), talk about our interests, discuss things  and share our days with each other. older folks are welcome as well :)  some of my interests include marvel/dc and the comics, movies and shows/games associated with them. i'm all over the place in terms of my music preferences, but they usually include hip/hop, rnb, pop, spanish music, and 70's-90's music. i love space, it's very interesting to me! i like to read, especially about mythologies (such as the percy jackson series) but ive been wanting to branch out to other genres so i would love any suggestions! i also am a huge gamer! kingdom hearts and the batman arkham games are some of my alltime faves. i also have a pet pupper and he is the goodest boy!   i would also like to possibly become fwb if we happen to both be interested, but it is not necessary! if we do become fwb, i would still really enjoy the \"friends\" part cuz i think a relationship solely revolving on benefits would honestly just be stale at some point. it's nice to have some sort of connection that supplements it and genuinely be friends, but i'm not opposed to strictly benefits if that's your thing!   i like to rp among other things so we can discuss it :)   that's about it, i prefer kik or discord but staying on here is also fine! please pm me if you want to know more and what your preferred platform of chat is!   thank you and if you're not interested take care and be safe!   i'm on eastern standard time!", "do you have any sexy stories you'd like to share? do you want to get an older guy all hot and bothered? pm with or for kik, i would love to hear from you!", "[https://imgur.com/a/lbqm4q6](https://imgur.com/a/lbqm4q6)", "i just moved back to the south bay area, wondering if anyone wants to host a private gloryhole? getting deepthroated is my kink. i'm tall, slim, nerdy, white, and have received a \"most photogenic cock\" award once in my life ;)", "fem voices and big asses add zurp999", "Add Latino vers kinda chub", "hey, hello. thirty year old queer switch from california here. if you're like me and would be interested in a chill, casual talk about sexual experiences, fantasies, kinks, anything of the sort, i'd love to hear from you. i'm a fairly ok conversationalist and i almost never fall asleep while texting or accidentally call you by my grandmother's name.  what were some early movies or tv shows that awakened sexual things within you? are you the type of person whose sexual tastes run counter to their regular disposition? would you fuck a clone of yourself? how would you feel about seeing someone else fuck a clone of yourself? is man meant to play god and create clones and then fuck them? or we could just talk about video games. i'm playing a lot of red dead ii, hbu?  briefly, i'm especially into incest, ageplay, hypnosis, mind control, bimbofication, drug use, trans girls, gagging and puking deepthroats, blood, piss, ass licking, facesitting, and more, but writing them all out like this makes me sound like a maniac. i'm limitless, so hopefully you are too, or close to it! kik is fine, i can also do discord, and i'd be up for voice chatting if things go well.", "hanging out solo looking to chat with some others who're blazin' too. straight here but just like to chat mainly so dont be shy; pm me and lets have fun!", "hey im by, white, chubby, and a sub. i'm looking for someone to tell me how they would use me. might even be open to a pic swap. pm me for kik", "just got home from the gym, looking to have some fun on snap or skype! message me!(:", "27 year old male in portland looking for casual sex. i am 7.5\", in good shape and clean. i can host if you are interested. feel free to send me a message!", "hey, slutty masculine bottom bear looking to get into some family fun with my dad. love rough/verbal sex, dirty talk, bondage, cum swapping, toys, public, exhibition, and more. mild to wild here, so open-minded.  love to be dominated and used, made to swallow cock and cum. as well as getting breed and pounded.  not into feminine, crossdressing, feet, bodily fluids (except for cum, sweat, and spit).  pics are in my posting history.  sc: varaxen67", "Plaid shirt girl", "sissy slut looking to be humiliated on skype live:dana.lovesyou32 you may record and post to pornhub post images here whatever u want make me a slut expose me", "26 white boi here. as much as i hate to admit it i am becoming very addicted to black cock. i love the idea of black men just destroying white guys. if anyone wants to feed me porn like this, or talk about it. message me!", "well hung british guy looking to hotwife or cuckold you with your wife or girlfriend. group or single chat  https://m.imgur.com/wlibdf5", "hot stuff. i embody all the quality of a pure domme: beautiful, intelligent, demanding,super-sexy and untouchable! my body will be the center of your dreams from now on and my mind will make you totally submissive, slave.  i am your rubber temptress, i will bring you into submission, pushing you onto your knees, as i feed you the forbidden fruit of my own desires, creating a just in your mind, and in your cock.  &#x200b;", "Thanks", "18 male chubby top with 7 inch bbc in columbus ohio want meetups only in columbus ohio area and u must come to me .snap: swarsame516 or message me ur phone number on here . love old men and hairy cocks and chubby men", "looking for a quick moment in denver to have some fun. stout happy guy happy to exchange info on kik.", "hi. tall, fit and fertile breeder based in uk here. university level education. no family ill health. hung and attractive. kik ....mrjj2019", "as the title states! i've had talks with older women before and i've very much enjoyed their demeanour and all their experience. so if that describes you, then by all means let's have a chat.  alternatively i also love chatting with women that are chubby/curvy/have lovehandles or whatever you want to call it. something about those curves is very attractive to me and i'd love to tell you my thoughts about how beautiful you look!  to give you something about me: i'm a [somewhat chubby and hairy](https://imgur.com/w6ml4mk) 23 year old guy. i have lots of kinks and fantasies that i'd love to discuss or live out!  a few of them are for example:  * submission * exhibitionism * cum play, ass play and toilet play * edging and orgasm control  as a person i'm more of the nerdy and slightly shy type, but i promise i warm up to people very quickly and i can hold a decent conversation about most topics. so if you wish to talk about various things, i'd be more than happy to!", "*disclaimer: this is a fantasy written by adults, for adults only.*  hey all, here with another script! this is a short and simple story, to (hopefully) ease myself back into posting more! as always, comments/feedback are appreciated!  synopsis: on the verge of quitting the volleyball team, one of your teammates makes a convincing argument when you see her in the locker room.  and, [here it is!](https://pastebin.com/kmem3mf4) enjoy and let me know what you think! *** interested in more? check out the rest of my scripts [here!](https://pastebin.com/8dbenyee)", "horny and looking to trade dick pics/vids. message me on kik with your asl @ redditstuff1", "i am a loving and caring mistress but also strict. i like to spoil those i care for but if i feel you deserve it, i will not hesitate to punish you. respect and obedience are the two things i expect from any sub i decide to have. i am looking for preferably younger boy (at least 21) submissive. a good d/s relationship is built on trust so i want us to have an open communication and talk about everything. online and/or in person is fine. i want someone that understands their place and wants to worship a gorgeous domme. my beauty and command is intimidating and i know what i want, so i want a slave that is confident. a slave that can serve me to their best ability. if you are interested message me.", "Why are they almost always completely shaved down", "hi,  i'm a 28 year old woman who is only into women under 30. looking for someone for casual fun like dates, club, dance, drinks, hangout, or whatever. i have been on dates and casual hookups already. i know i only like women. i like to flirt on snapchat first after we verify with live pics and videos. please send a selfie first with your snapchat in a message here and i will do the same. would like to hear more about you as well.  i am into games, anime, kpop, and cosplay. just casual, nothing serious and no personal information. just keep it fun and light. no strings attached. personally looking for women with some sort of experience and not the bicurious kinds.  clean and no drugs. i do not smoke but i like to drink socially. please be at least 15 miles from boston.  i am 5ft, thin with assets, and have some pics in my posting history. no problems verifying, no rush with our pace, and will keep privately.  please do not hesitate to message. i am fun with energy and will show you a good time. so don't miss out by regretting to take a chance.  [this is me](https://imgur.com/nipb9h0)", "let's chat for a bit and send some pics and vids and then maybe we can get on cam and stroke one out together. i like guys that are my age or younger, or 30+, and of course hung guys are preferred. hit me up with your kik or ask for mine.", "*disclaimer: this is a fantasy written by adults, for adults only.*  hey all, here with another script! this is a short and simple story, to (hopefully) ease myself back into posting more! as always, comments/feedback are appreciated!  synopsis: on the verge of quitting the volleyball team, one of your teammates makes a convincing argument when you see her in the locker room.  and, [here it is!](https://pastebin.com/kmem3mf4) enjoy and let me know what you think! *** interested in more? check out the rest of my scripts [here!](https://pastebin.com/8dbenyee)", "1. the anniversary: you always looked so cute in your winter clothes, covering up so much yet still able to tease me, that's why i rejected the cabin for us for out anniversary, just you and me in the cozy place taking turns pounding each other's ass in the most romantic ways possible   2. best friends: we've been best friends since we were little, inseparable at times, when you needed someone to talk to i was always the one, i was the first to know that you were  trans and the most supported even if i asked a lot of dumb questions. you know i'm a really sweet but admittedly shy guy wi a really hard time with the ladies so after transitioning a bit you ask me out on a date to get my confidence up, we need up having a really good time and go on from there.   3. a surprising bar hook up that goes well?: you liked coming to this bar, the staff were nice and the cocktails were good, but it was a slow paced joint with not a lot of foot traffic, sure guys hit on you but most ran off when they found out you had a dick, though when i came by and started to hit on you, from the smell of my breath drunk, you were polite enough to inform me straight up that you had a dick which i said \"so i'll suck it if it mean i get to sleep with ya cutie\"  basically from what you can probably gather i'm looking to do a scene with anyone playing a trans or futa character in which we take turns with who's dom or sub   my big kinks are bondage, rough sex, leather, latex and degradation   limits are gore, vore, impreg, and bathroom stuff  if your interested in any of these ideas or have your own hit me up at alexpayne1115", "snap: jharlingen9", "would love to get some ratings/opinions on girls i know (early 20s). don't use kik so just pm if you're interested!", "sexy hotwife/cougar always in the mood for sexy mediterranean type over 7.5\" cuz very tight and deep   big-time squirter if you can finger my g spot  like to fuck in many positions incl anal so need to be fit with stamina like guys that get hard kissing no oral help  only available daytime weekdays and early weekends  can usually host near 16th/u st nw but good if you can host too in case i can't  if under 30 or 7.5\" pls don't reply", "watch here: https://flixtr.blogspot.com/2018/11/sweet-redhead-teen-michelle-having-sex.html?m=1", "hey guys!  i'm currently making an rpg dating game with nsfw contents and not forcing everyone to be a patron.   i just wanted to have a constructive feedback on my game, i have final demo released in public just wanted to see what everyone thinks.  please note that it's currently on it's demo phase expect bugs and various improvements in the future.  &#x200b;  its anime themed and i will be releasing updates for free but will take time as i'm finishing chapter 1 of my game. :)  if you are interested to see it feel free to check my profile:  [https://www.patreon.com/tamssenpai](https://www.patreon.com/tamssenpai)", "37 year old male, 5'7 165 lbs, caucasian, no medications, in canada  on maybe sunday i noticed a small bump near my anus basically on my median raphe.  pretty much completely forgot about it until this morning when i noticed it was bigger and more noticeable to the touch:  https://i.imgur.com/wyesvfy.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/azzqvr6.jpg  https://i.imgur.com/undefined.jpg   it's not painful, maybe a bit tender to the touch at most.  have always slightly been terrified of perianal abscess horror stories though so i'm not sure if this is something like an ingrown i should wait on or cause to see a doctor right away.  any help would be greatly appreciated.     thanks!", "Looking for black or brown subs to worship this white Get on cam and show off your body for daddy and cum while I stroke my big I prefer a fem little bitch that wants to fill his but if you just want to stroke and cum for daddy while calling me master that will be fun Big plus if you have like and really big plus if you like and piss You need to be willing to get on cam and No need for No limits at", "as the title says. no work tomorrow. drunk and horny. mostly straight semi curious. for 29yo looking for people my age or younger.   message with asl  s: jbautisra3", "bearded older guy looking for interesting women to chat and flirt with, especially black, latina and middle eastern women. something about the dark hair and skin tone, after being with white  girls for so long. notally into raceplay specifically but who knows. into all ages and body types, message me with your kik!", "can you send me a link to download the outfits pls?", "str8 fit m laying here looking for someone to chat with, maybe help me relieve some stress.  if you are wanna talk sex or kinks, thats cool too. or we can just trade porn. i love curves, big asses, tits, ...well just him me up and i will tell you the rest.", "[https://imgur.com/a/4esaz4y](https://imgur.com/a/4esaz4y)  &#x200b;  does anyone know her name or cam name?  &#x200b;  source: [https://www.xnxx.com/video-fmsrbbb/intense\\ masturbation#\\ tabcomments](https://www.xnxx.com/video-fmsrbbb/intense masturbation# tabcomments)  &#x200b;  &#x200b;", "i love a women with a lot to love, thick juicy thighs, big ass, whats not to love. if your a heavier girl and want to talk dirty and swap pics with with a skinny hung guy message me.", "am and all participants and characters are Im just bored and looking to roleplay I have been away from society for awhile and wanna have some I prefer you to play as a I would love to hear your I have a lot of roleplay If you send a pic for your I like long term and short term and love nerd stuff like video games and Play as monster I also enjoy video game I have a wide knowledge of So if you wanna do an rp based on We Kik me at Worsthunter if you have any ideas for I look forward to seeing your Seen you all very", "looking to tribute someone sexy - nudes preferred, but not necessary. keep it 18+. kik is fitandkinky208", "just got back to my dorm horny as fuck, wearing my jockstrap  fit guys to the front   keith2349", "introduce first :p", "pm for my kik  would love to talk and possibly meet. would like to try being a switch but can be just a top.", "i                                know this may sound weird, but it would    turn    me    on    so      much    if  a         young,   fit guy  would   log  in   to  my      facebook    while   we     exchange     snaps     and     just      know      everything about    me  while       watching   me jerk      (or  do          whatever   you   want).  i am normally super discreet (and in the closet) so it would be a huge rush knowing you're in control. ;)  i                                am 29 years old (look much younger), 6ft            slim/skinny     and      hung       bttm.  i     am looking  for    young,        fit and hung     tops. no      bottoms  and   no          overweight         guys   please!  **sc: bsub89**", "Are you a lovely lady that knows that family loves you Do you get all hot and bothered thinking about your or Do you want your mundane porn turned to nasty taboo Well then I have an offer for Send me your favorite dirty pics and gifs and I will supply freshly filthy family Be sure to include your ideal pairings and any extra kink you want to", "send asl and pic. no face.   live jerk ++  sc: plate1717", "i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+.  i have a variety of scenes i would like to try out and i also want you to tell me what u want to do  today i'm feeling submissive so i'd love someone to take charge and be a real man..  please message me with some detail on what you would like. i'm only looking for role players that are literate and like building up to a scene not just jumping right into it.   kik is dougall581", "hi,  i'm a 28 year old woman who is only into women under 30. looking for someone for casual fun like dates, club, dance, drinks, hangout, or whatever. i have been on dates and casual hookups already. i know i only like women. i like to flirt on snapchat first after we verify with live pics and videos. please send a selfie first with your snapchat in a message here and i will do the same. would like to hear more about you as well.  i am into games, anime, kpop, and cosplay. just casual, nothing serious and no personal information. just keep it fun and light. no strings attached. personally looking for women with some sort of experience and not the bicurious kinds.  clean and no drugs. i do not smoke but i like to drink socially. please be at least 15 miles from boston.  i am 5ft, thin with assets, and have some pics in my posting history. no problems verifying, no rush with our pace, and will keep privately.  please do not hesitate to message. i am fun with energy and will show you a good time. so don't miss out by regretting to take a chance.  [this is me](https://imgur.com/nipb9h0)", "20 yr old here looking to see whats there. if interested respond with a pic if u can", "hey i'm in bed and wanting to be naughty. pm me what you would do and help chose what and how i should cum", "t*mblr is preferred. img*r and kik works too. don't waste my time, if not serious about doing this.  i'm trying to make an online collection of pics that i like but i need help with that. if u like to be ordered around long term and r good at finding pics, message me. i need someone i can boss around and have them complete my orders.", "hung, experienced dom. i will train you into my perfect little slut. i will punish you when i need to, but i will also take great care of you and i'll reward you when you're a good obedient girl.  training may include hypnosis, mind control, rapeplay, primal, light bdsm, spanking, collar/leash, ownership, light choking/hair-pulling/slaps, orgasm control, and more.  it can be entirely online, or start online and then move on to meeting irl if you're from western europe. pm me with your age, sex, and location.", "looking to play, first chat, maybe meet after. currently bored in my hotel room. either tourists or locals welcome, both m and f", "I really know any people my age in the and currently going through a period of Just looking to talk to and possibly meet up for drinks or prefer a girl around my but anyone is", "looking for twinks or submissive boys, younger than me, verbal is a plus. like to dirty chat and not just trade pics. be 18+ of course. hmu @ hbergeron833", "hi there. this might be a bit of a long shot, but i'm interested in talking about a fantasy/kink i've thought of recently. it involves cum and cum on food or in drinks. specifically, i've been finding myself kind of turned on by the idea of a roomate(s) cumming into/onto my food or drinks without my knowledge after hearing the idea as a joke a few days ago.  &#x200b;  sorry this is a little bit directionless. i guess i'm just wondering if there's anyone who is into this idea and is interested in talking about it. have you ever done something like this consensually or otherwise, or would you like the idea?... how would you go about it and so on", "lets text :) :)", "as you can probably tell from the title of this post, i'm a big fan of boobs. i'm a bigger fan of bigger boobs and i am the biggest fan of the biggest boobs.  there is literally no boob too big, as far as i am concerned.  real or fake, white or black, pierced, tattooed or not. i'm not bothered by that, as long as they are big. merely a handful is not enough. i want to be able to get lost in the cleavage.  i love to watch them bounce and move. i love to fondle them, suck the nipples, squeeze them together, slide my dick between them and blow a load all over them.  i'd love to talk with a well endowed lady tonight.  if you think you can measure up to what i'm looking for, send me a message!  **looking for:** sexting, cybering, role-playing, voice chat.  **into:** boobs (duh), nerdy girls, goth chicks, rough sex, dirty talk, anal, redheads, smoking, cheating.  **no thanks:** incest, underage, animals, rape / violence / snuff, scat, use of the word \"daddy\".  thanks for reading!", "i can't remember but i saw it on reddit.", "[plot driven] i am 18+ and all characters must be 18+   hello! the name is aya, and for some reason i've grown a fascination for death and the afterlife, as well as hell. what if it isn't as bad as we humans make it seem? everything about it is unknown, and that can lead to some interesting plots, especially circulating about how lucifer was simply a misunderstood child who was punished too rashly.   i have a bunch of little plots written out as starters, as well as a special one revolving around the seven deadly sins! if you're interested in that one, message me with what your sin would be, aside from lust.   i look forward to talking with you! @cinnamontayrolls1013", "i am not your ordinary, weak, submissive cam girl. but whenever you lose your way in  bedroom and in life, i will make sure you get back to the right path. submit to me and earn a place in your own life. ask me first if i am willing to do what you are up to.  i'm a sexy goddess. i am the mistress of your dreams. i can make you cum or cry like a  sissy. i am your new addiction, your need, your desire. i will control your life and you will adore me for it! i can be sensual and seductive or cruel and humiliating and everything in between.", "*i have a horse cock. my family was completely normal, there were no experiments, no curses, nothing. i never encountered nuclear waste or a experimental drink, or anything like that. one day i just...woke up, with it. as simple as that. although it wasn't really, anyways. the first few days were an erotic hell. hours of pleasuring myself with it, followed by hours of trying to hide it. i never really figured out what happened as to why i got it, nor did i think about getting rid of it. don't get me wrong, there were certainly days where i don't want it...but i can't see myself without anymore. i will always see it as a curse, though.*   hello~ so with that short introduction, the premise of this rp is i have a horse cock, and you force me to cum inside myself with it. maybe i'm asleep, maybe i'm drunk, maybe  you tie me down...either way, this cock has some very unintended side effects. the cum is extremely potent, and the next morning i wake up pregnant. if you want, we can include other things that come with that. maybe contact with the cum transforms you? i have few limits, and have plenty i'll discuss. i left the rp vague so we can discuss how it'll play out as to who you will play, so feel free to dm me a message~", "hey straight here, thick cock and horny as fuuck. love a big smooth ass, even on dudes when im really horny like right now lol. not too into dick though fyi. down to chat, trade, or live. hit me up with asl and a little about yourself for user.", "been thinking about this for a long and am finally ready to look for my hoping to connect with a significantly older woman who needs ongoing sexual release and attention from a younger It may sound but the important word above is not sure but something always loved about helping give a sexually frustrated woman exactly what she It makes me feel and is a big release for I love being useful and making a lady and feel special and We can meet regularly whenever worked welcome me into your place with a smile and quiet and lead me to your Once give you exactly what you Do you love body contact and feeling a weight on top of Do you need Want to give Make love soft and Get fucked hard and a sexual chameleon and will change to be whatever you want me to all about respecting boundaries and deviate from what you want until you tell me very happy to talk before or make you but be up front that part of the fetish for me is that this is relatively I want to hang out anywhere outside your and I want to remain relatively just your neighborhood dick nothing I really care what you look but I always imagined doing this with a very curvy or chubby woman with very not sure maybe because sort of fertility really open to anyone gentle and regardless of body type Please be late live and in need of a special friend who will give you what you need while respecting your space until you need me If this type of ongoing friendship appeals to please say very and am happy to answer any questions you I mind if shy or been with a man in a long and will go at your speed to make sure you feel comfortable with BBW", "comic can be found [here](http://www.peteristhewolf.com/). discussion below.  this is not a bad nsfw webcomic that i kept up with until a couple years ago. unfortunately, ongoing webcomics aren't by thing, but this one i come back to every once in a while. fair warning, there is quite a bit of hyper in this comic as well as some non-con.", "hello  if you have read the title and are looking for a submissive male to claim as your pet, slave, or mate then i would love to get to know you, or jump right into it! spontaneous decisions can be fun. :3  if you are interested, add me on kik @ chancethememedoggo", "43 wm looking for a married woman who is craving a connection.  maybe even just a friend that can understand where i'm coming from.  i'm funny.  i promise to make you laugh.  i hope you like off-color humor and if you don't like cheesy puns then i'm nacho guy.  ;)  i am imaginative and creative.  i love good stories.  i love outdoors and any season that's not winter, although i prefer summer.  i'm not and extrovert or an introvert.  i don't know what i am.  i can be outgoing, but sometimes i need to hide in my shell.  i like affection.  i want the physical touch, not just sexual (although, of course that's the best.)  i'm a bigger guy, and while i like being active, i don't have a swimmer's body.  unless you count a manatee, they swim.  message me, and let's talk.", "everything to do with free use, dominant but i also like to please. i'm tall over 6 foot, good looking and experienced with kink. can be a one time thing or ongoing...let me know what book you're reading?", "caboose94  i get extra horny if i can imagine your cock being inside me, you will be rewarded!", "", "as you can probably tell from the title of this post, i'm a big fan of boobs. i'm a bigger fan of bigger boobs and i am the biggest fan of the biggest boobs.  there is literally no boob too big, as far as i am concerned.  real or fake, white or black, pierced, tattooed or not. i'm not bothered by that, as long as they are big. merely a handful is not enough. i want to be able to get lost in the cleavage.  i love to watch them bounce and move. i love to fondle them, suck the nipples, squeeze them together, slide my dick between them and blow a load all over them.  i'd love to talk with a well endowed lady tonight.  if you think you can measure up to what i'm looking for, send me a message!  **looking for:** sexting, cybering, role-playing, voice chat.  **into:** boobs (duh), nerdy girls, goth chicks, rough sex, dirty talk, anal, redheads, smoking, cheating.  **no thanks:** incest, underage, animals, rape / violence / snuff, scat, use of the word \"daddy\".  thanks for reading!", "22 big hairy guy with average piece. i live in a small town in wyoming. i am a college student", "24 year old guy, 6' bout 190. looking for a real woman to talk to, see what happens. id be interested in long term or short, if youre looking hit me up and we'll see if we get along alright. worst case, we can make some new friends!", "higuy2393", "Pm with your", "hey everyone! as the title suggests, i'm in need of a sexy bbw/chubby woman to have fun with. hispanic/white preferred but open to anybody!  i'm hispanic mixed, 5'9\", thin and extremely horny. i'm very laid back and chill, open minded and downnfor anything. cuddles, showering, kissing and making out are things i am interested in doing as well. 420 friendly and love alcohol.  i can't host but i can make the trip, we can discuss any details in private!  pm me and let's get this going!", "28 year old hispanic male, just looking for someone to have fun with. no baggage, no crazy kink requests, just two consenting adults having fun with each other. i'm 5' 10, 240 and admittedly not the most well endowed (sorry size queens) but looking for someone chill. i'm down for reciprocating.", "i make my way towards the bathroom but on the way grab a bucket. i'm smiling because i know you're going to hate this but i'm going to love it.  -  i can hear you calling out to me \"daddy, where have you gone?\" i love your loud sulks, they are such a turn on for me.  -  \"not much longer now, i'll be back with the surprise\" i yell back.  -  \"oh, i never put the dildo back inside you. oh well, you can suffer\" i think to myself.  -  i finally enter the bathroom and start running the taps, making sure i only fill it with cold water.  -  i fill at least 65% of the bucket and call out you \"i'm coming back now.\" i enter the room and look at you, you're a mess and i fucking love it.  -  \"what's the bucket for?\" you ask.  -  \"oh, nothing just part of my next game\" i reply.  -  \"i forget something,\" i say as i run to the kitchen quickly. i grab the nearest big bowl and fill it with ice, i bring it back into the bedroom and tip all of it in the bucket, i see you back away a bit in the corner of my eye.  -  \"what's the matter, baby?\" i ask.  -  \"is... is that for me?\" you ask.  -  \"of course, i know just how much you hate icy cold water so i thought i'd shove your face in a bucket of it and then have some more fun with you\" i reply.  -  i grab the bucket and sit down on the bed, i make sure to hold it down with one hand using a firm grip as i look at your face. i lean in and kiss you, i feel the passion as you kiss me back, before breaking it i bite against your bottom lip deeply, making it bleed slightly.  -  \"daddy,\" you say as you look at me with the cutest little puppy eye's i've ever seen. \"you won't hold me down for too long, will you?\" you ask straight after.  -  \"oh baby, daddy will hold you down for as long as he wants, you've been naughty all night and disobeyed me, it's time for you to really be taught a lesson\" i reply.  -  the scared look in your eyes says it all, you don't want this but you know you have to suffer because you have been naughty.  -  \"i'm re- (water sounds)\" is all you got out as i forced your face down into the freezing bucket of water.  -  *30 seconds later*  -  all i can hear is you struggle to breathe as my hand holds you down under the water, i finally bring you up and hear you gasp for air.  -  \"daddy wait i'm not re- (water sounds)\" is all you get out again as i shove your head straight back in. \"i'm not letting you talk as you've been such a bitch to me tonight,\" i say while your head is currently being forcefully held down.  -  *20 seconds later*  -  i decide that's enough for now and bring you up, you're gasping for air and practically lifeless again. i place the bucket on the floor and bring you lifeless head up to my cock as i shove it straight back down your throat, and pound away until i've had enough.  -  i remove my cock and get up off the bed, i turn you around so that you're facing the machine dildo and line it up with your mouth.  -  i turn the dildo machine back on and put it down onto a slower speed to start with, i push it against your lips and watch as it makes its way into your mouth, you start immediately choking on it and i love it.  -  i get back onto the bed and get sit behind you, i line my cock up with your pretty little cunt and push at the opening.  -  \"mmm\" is all that i hear from you as your mouth is currently full. i finally push my cock in and start filling your tight pussy with my thick cock.  -  i pick up the pace since your pussy has been destroyed tonight by the dildo that is currently pounding away at your throat, i'm getting so deep, you're such a dirty slut.  -  i can feel the lack of life in you, you're so fragile now and it's incredible that i'm still able to use you and abuse you with no complaints.  -  you remove your mouth from the dildo and say \"daddy, i want your cock in my mouth.\"  -  i look at the back of your head and grab onto your hair \"listen here bitch, that's a good idea and maybe i will but we're not done yet.\"  -  i pick up the pace and start thrusting as hard as i possibly can, your moans fill the bedroom as do mine. i call out and say \"you dirty fucking toy, you're going to get an absolute pounding in every single hole of yours\"  -  \"please, daddy yes!\" you reply.  -  \"put your mouth back around that dildo and let it fuck your throat like the good slut i know you are,\" i demand of you.  -  you obey me by replying \"yes, daddy!\"  -  i think to myself about what i should do to you next and i have a hard time figuring it out but then it came to me, i'm going to...", "good looking, fit/muscular male looking for female (or females) for either a one time thing or regular sex/fwb. i am 5'9, 175 lb, muscular/fit build, green eyes, brown hair. any age (18 or older) is fine  i also love to show off, so if you are local and up to do camshows with me, i am up for that as well.", "dominate me by making me edge over and over. make me ruin my orgasm again and again. i'm willing to send vids of my ruins. or force me to deny myself. i just want a sexy woman to control my orgasm.", "i'm 18+ and all characters and participants must be 18+ too.  interested on long term plot driven roleplays too.   i'd like to do a roleplay about different characters. they must be from the next list:  -zelda breath of the wild: zelda. -fate grand order: *any female servant but preferably curvy but others are ok too!* -overwatch: d.va, widowmaker -league of legends: ahri -anime characters: you choose but curvy characters are prefered.   my limits are: toilet play, death, scat, dirty feets, extreme femdom and similar things.   if you are interested, tell me which character you will play and your kinks.  kik: bradgray2017", "i am looking to have a good time with someone that is as horny as me and doesn't care that i am married or maybe even likes that i am. so if you are over 18 and looking for some fun then feel free to add me.  colin uk", "you've been at school for a while now and surely you've been up to no good. maybe you had to do some things you're not proud of to get into that sorority. or maybe you put on a show at that party you went to last weekend. in any case, everyone in your dorm knows exactly what you crave, and what you've been after the last few months. let's talk about it.", "i'm eric, and i'm always horny. i'd like to find someone who is also always horny for some good old fashioned dirty chat. kinda like friends, but better. you know, someone who will appreciate both boring, plain old, everyday conversation, and naughtier, more fun, exciting conversation.  i'm in the eastern time-zone, and work a pretty standard office job, but that doesn't keep me from getting a bit...distracted? so passing the time is a priority!  when i'm not working, and by working i mean fucking around on the internet, i like comics and books and movies and video games. sometimes i take naps. i'm a big barrel of excitement. try to keep up.  on the naughtier side; i like all the standard things. everything from the romantic, sensual stuff; to the awkward \"let's act like we're in high school and get into some heavy petting at the movies\" stuff. i have a special place in my heart for eating pussy, and love a girl in a sexy outfit and heels. i don't mind a bit of kink and have some fantasies, especially with being submissive, but i'll admit to not being too experienced with all that; the opportunity just hasn't really been there.  so; if you'd like a nice, sometimes funny, always horny guy to help pass the time, shoot me a message and let's see if we hit it off!", "Dirty old man looking to exchange pics and chat with a younger Be over noticed me looking at you and you ignore the bulge in my pants when I kiss you good Include a picture and tell me what gets your pussy I enjoy Looking to share dirty pics and stories to keep me entertained while at Come sit on lap and tell me everything that makes your little pussy hungry for I would be acting as a loving caretaker who really wants the best for his little although has to be stern when they are being really Women Kik is Bonus points if you are a redhead or are Be willing to show off a", "sc: dbolland21", "i wanna see ur hot wife or gf. add me on kik and share them with me @ciicko", "28/m with a 26/f dumb fake blonde curvy wife - looking for either tributers to stick their cocks over her face and tits or dominant bulls who would tell me how they'd destroy her - tinydick666999", "21 year old twink want fit lads up for horny fun - lukelewis2100", "zdyson91  on now.", "hey all,  i work from home so this doesn't have to be today. i live in essex county. chubby guy with clean cut average 6 inch. we can chat a bit before meeting. message if interested!", "rich guy meets a poor girl that's hitchhiking while he's on vacation with his wife. he secretly helps her and starts a forbidden relationship with her  it can be short or long term roleplay  kinks: incest, ageplay, some rough sex like pulling hair and slapping, dirty talk, and using handcuffs. anal, creampie, public sex, shower sex, cheating  limits: foot fetish, blood, gore, toilet play, piss, shit, rape  i'm not literate so i write very simple. i only write in first person.  i like roleplay that has some story build up before the sex.  if interested message me on kik at andy 024  hope to hear from someone soon", "lets text :) :)", "am And all participants and characters will be DRIVEN This rp will be about two one of us will be magic What kind of plot or messes can we get and what kind of scene do you think we can work willing to play m or but do my kik is feel free to message me and see how we can do Or start your own wait to see what kind of roleplay we can get", "hmu ;)", "hiya~ i'm looking for some sissies or anyone who wants to have some fun tonight kik me at kirisaki115", "looking for other fit or hairy men be +18 add me marzapa", "doing tributes for the first time", "", "pm for kik or sc willing to cam lol", "hi,  i'm a 28 year old woman who is only into women under 30. looking for someone for casual fun like dates, club, dance, drinks, hangout, or whatever. i have been on dates and casual hookups already. i know i only like women. i like to flirt on snapchat first after we verify with live pics and videos. please send a selfie first with your snapchat in a message here and i will do the same. would like to hear more about you as well.  i am into games, anime, kpop, and cosplay. just casual, nothing serious and no personal information. just keep it fun and light. no strings attached. personally looking for women with some sort of experience and not the bicurious kinds.  clean and no drugs. i do not smoke but i like to drink socially. please be at least 15 miles from boston.  i am 5ft, thin with assets, and have some pics in my posting history. no problems verifying, no rush with our pace, and will keep privately.  please do not hesitate to message. i am fun with energy and will show you a good time. so don't miss out by regretting to take a chance. pictures of me are in my bio", "i make my way towards the bathroom but on the way grab a bucket. i'm smiling because i know you're going to hate this but i'm going to love it.  -  i can hear you calling out to me \"daddy, where have you gone?\" i love your loud sulks, they are such a turn on for me.  -  \"not much longer now, i'll be back with the surprise\" i yell back.  -  \"oh, i never put the dildo back inside you. oh well, you can suffer\" i think to myself.  -  i finally enter the bathroom and start running the taps, making sure i only fill it with cold water.  -  i fill at least 65% of the bucket and call out you \"i'm coming back now.\" i enter the room and look at you, you're a mess and i fucking love it.  -  \"what's the bucket for?\" you ask.  -  \"oh, nothing just part of my next game\" i reply.  -  \"i forget something,\" i say as i run to the kitchen quickly. i grab the nearest big bowl and fill it with ice, i bring it back into the bedroom and tip all of it in the bucket, i see you back away a bit in the corner of my eye.  -  \"what's the matter, baby?\" i ask.  -  \"is... is that for me?\" you ask.  -  \"of course, i know just how much you hate icy cold water so i thought i'd shove your face in a bucket of it and then have some more fun with you\" i reply.  -  i grab the bucket and sit down on the bed, i make sure to hold it down with one hand using a firm grip as i look at your face. i lean in and kiss you, i feel the passion as you kiss me back, before breaking it i bite against your bottom lip deeply, making it bleed slightly.  -  \"daddy,\" you say as you look at me with the cutest little puppy eye's i've ever seen. \"you won't hold me down for too long, will you?\" you ask straight after.  -  \"oh baby, daddy will hold you down for as long as he wants, you've been naughty all night and disobeyed me, it's time for you to really be taught a lesson\" i reply.  -  the scared look in your eyes says it all, you don't want this but you know you have to suffer because you have been naughty.  -  \"i'm re- (water sounds)\" is all you got out as i forced your face down into the freezing bucket of water.  -  *30 seconds later*  -  all i can hear is you struggle to breathe as my hand holds you down under the water, i finally bring you up and hear you gasp for air.  -  \"daddy wait i'm not re- (water sounds)\" is all you get out again as i shove your head straight back in. \"i'm not letting you talk as you've been such a bitch to me tonight,\" i say while your head is currently being forcefully held down.  -  *20 seconds later*  -  i decide that's enough for now and bring you up, you're gasping for air and practically lifeless again. i place the bucket on the floor and bring you lifeless head up to my cock as i shove it straight back down your throat, and pound away until i've had enough.  -  i remove my cock and get up off the bed, i turn you around so that you're facing the machine dildo and line it up with your mouth.  -  i turn the dildo machine back on and put it down onto a slower speed to start with, i push it against your lips and watch as it makes its way into your mouth, you start immediately choking on it and i love it.  -  i get back onto the bed and get sit behind you, i line my cock up with your pretty little cunt and push at the opening.  -  \"mmm\" is all that i hear from you as your mouth is currently full. i finally push my cock in and start filling your tight pussy with my thick cock.  -  i pick up the pace since your pussy has been destroyed tonight by the dildo that is currently pounding away at your throat, i'm getting so deep, you're such a dirty slut.  -  i can feel the lack of life in you, you're so fragile now and it's incredible that i'm still able to use you and abuse you with no complaints.  -  you remove your mouth from the dildo and say \"daddy, i want your cock in my mouth.\"  -  i look at the back of your head and grab onto your hair \"listen here bitch, that's a good idea and maybe i will but we're not done yet.\"  -  i pick up the pace and start thrusting as hard as i possibly can, your moans fill the bedroom as do mine. i call out and say \"you dirty fucking toy, you're going to get an absolute pounding in every single hole of yours\"  -  \"please, daddy yes!\" you reply.  -  \"put your mouth back around that dildo and let it fuck your throat like the good slut i know you are,\" i demand of you.  -  you obey me by replying \"yes, daddy!\"  -  i think to myself about what i should do to you next and i have a hard time figuring it out but then it came to me, i'm going to...", "alright that's it. i'm calling it. no more first-timers.  don't get me wrong! it's exciting to talk to a fellow neglected member of the opposite sex who's putting the feelers out there. someone who wants to learn. someone horny but hesitant.  the thought of being the first guy to kiss a woman who has only been with their spouse for the last 5, 10 years - not gonna lie, kinda hot!  but i'm knackered. i can't take another round of trading a weeks, even months of texts, only to have you consumed by the understandable but sudden onset of guilt that makes you disappear, either just before or after a first meet (and before you ask, no, not right after the pic exchange!)  don't get me wrong - i'm not judging you. you  were me a couple years ago. i was scared to go through with it too. hell, i was scared to even flirt with another woman. but now i'm not. it's not my first rodeo, and it shouldn't be yours either.  so! if you are in or around london, have done this before and want to do it again, let's talk! get to know each other. if we click, we get a coffee. simple as that.  what am i like? tall, slim/fit, blue eyes, brown hair. easy on the eyes, but not too easy.  what are you like? smart, active, selective and take good care of yourself. know how to laugh at yourself and hold down a conversation.  and i'm not your first ap.", "send requests and watch my story upvote so i get more viewers :)  snap: sfran1313", "into feet and cock", "wanting to trade pics but happy to chat  vers bottom and uncut   anyone welcome to message but muscular and tops preferred   pm me with your kik and asl if you want to talk", "And is there any niche studio that produces this type of", "also the guy had a beard", "i love with my gf, looking for someone to make me their little bitch and dominate me while she is out.  kayliekypers", "22 white boyy watching girls on computer add me @jesset180", "do you want to hear me moan your name while i talk dirty to you? if so send me your kik and let's see how much fun we can have together.", "looking to chat, exchange nudes... and hopefully if things go well, maybe even meet up to suck your cock. hmu.", "hispanic, in fairly good shape, 7+ in., ddf. i live in the raleigh area, but would be willing to travel as necessary. looking for something casual, nsa, preferably ongoing. available pretty much anytime with enough of a heads up. pm me if you're interested.", "hello ladies i am a married man looking for a woman who is missing that spark in there life like i am. i am happy with my marriage just missing that emotional and physical attention anymore. i want to get those butterflies i used to get when i read your message after a long day at work or wake up to that good morning message. about me i am 5'10 very sweet and very funny guy who is caring and not the jealous or clingy type of person. i am great at holding very deep conversations and also very attractive. about you i am into curvy gals and redheads but i am not really picky. i enjoy going to concerts and seeing new movies and staying active with sports. if you are thinking about making that jump then give me a chance and if you like what you have read send me a message and let's see if can hit things off!", "and a serial I am currently managing two software startups out of my home office in so online most of the For many some still in a dead bedroom sex drive is gone and mine is in First please let my age deter an and volleyball but I fit the typical fit athlete I was a nerd in high school and really get into sports until much I am into fitness and but not a gym Just like to take care of my I also judge people based on their body worked with a lot of people over the years to reach their fitness goals so I know everyone is on a not looking for a specific body type I am looking to connect with anyone who is missing the emotional and physical connection as Hope to speak with you soon", "need help, is this hpv/ genital warts?", "i make my way towards the bathroom but on the way grab a bucket. i'm smiling because i know you're going to hate this but i'm going to love it.  -  i can hear you calling out to me \"daddy, where have you gone?\" i love your loud sulks, they are such a turn on for me.  -  \"not much longer now, i'll be back with the surprise\" i yell back.  -  \"oh, i never put the dildo back inside you. oh well, you can suffer\" i think to myself.  -  i finally enter the bathroom and start running the taps, making sure i only fill it with cold water.  -  i fill at least 65% of the bucket and call out you \"i'm coming back now.\" i enter the room and look at you, you're a mess and i fucking love it.  -  \"what's the bucket for?\" you ask.  -  \"oh, nothing just part of my next game\" i reply.  -  \"i forget something,\" i say as i run to the kitchen quickly. i grab the nearest big bowl and fill it with ice, i bring it back into the bedroom and tip all of it in the bucket, i see you back away a bit in the corner of my eye.  -  \"what's the matter, baby?\" i ask.  -  \"is... is that for me?\" you ask.  -  \"of course, i know just how much you hate icy cold water so i thought i'd shove your face in a bucket of it and then have some more fun with you\" i reply.  -  i grab the bucket and sit down on the bed, i make sure to hold it down with one hand using a firm grip as i look at your face. i lean in and kiss you, i feel the passion as you kiss me back, before breaking it i bite against your bottom lip deeply, making it bleed slightly.  -  \"daddy,\" you say as you look at me with the cutest little puppy eye's i've ever seen. \"you won't hold me down for too long, will you?\" you ask straight after.  -  \"oh baby, daddy will hold you down for as long as he wants, you've been naughty all night and disobeyed me, it's time for you to really be taught a lesson\" i reply.  -  the scared look in your eyes says it all, you don't want this but you know you have to suffer because you have been naughty.  -  \"i'm re- (water sounds)\" is all you got out as i forced your face down into the freezing bucket of water.  -  *30 seconds later*  -  all i can hear is you struggle to breathe as my hand holds you down under the water, i finally bring you up and hear you gasp for air.  -  \"daddy wait i'm not re- (water sounds)\" is all you get out again as i shove your head straight back in. \"i'm not letting you talk as you've been such a bitch to me tonight,\" i say while your head is currently being forcefully held down.  -  *20 seconds later*  -  i decide that's enough for now and bring you up, you're gasping for air and practically lifeless again. i place the bucket on the floor and bring you lifeless head up to my cock as i shove it straight back down your throat, and pound away until i've had enough.  -  i remove my cock and get up off the bed, i turn you around so that you're facing the machine dildo and line it up with your mouth.  -  i turn the dildo machine back on and put it down onto a slower speed to start with, i push it against your lips and watch as it makes its way into your mouth, you start immediately choking on it and i love it.  -  i get back onto the bed and get sit behind you, i line my cock up with your pretty little cunt and push at the opening.  -  \"mmm\" is all that i hear from you as your mouth is currently full. i finally push my cock in and start filling your tight pussy with my thick cock.  -  i pick up the pace since your pussy has been destroyed tonight by the dildo that is currently pounding away at your throat, i'm getting so deep, you're such a dirty slut.  -  i can feel the lack of life in you, you're so fragile now and it's incredible that i'm still able to use you and abuse you with no complaints.  -  you remove your mouth from the dildo and say \"daddy, i want your cock in my mouth.\"  -  i look at the back of your head and grab onto your hair \"listen here bitch, that's a good idea and maybe i will but we're not done yet.\"  -  i pick up the pace and start thrusting as hard as i possibly can, your moans fill the bedroom as do mine. i call out and say \"you dirty fucking toy, you're going to get an absolute pounding in every single hole of yours\"  -  \"please, daddy yes!\" you reply.  -  \"put your mouth back around that dildo and let it fuck your throat like the good slut i know you are,\" i demand of you.  -  you obey me by replying \"yes, daddy!\"  -  i think to myself about what i should do to you next and i have a hard time figuring it out but then it came to me, i'm going to...", "&#x200b;  &#x200b;  https://i.redd.it/227lbof5l7121.png  [https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1576619281](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1576619281)", "i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  you're my college girlfriend. you are rushing for a sorority and have completed multiple challenges for them. this is the final one. you have to be a freeuse cum dump for two frat houses (i'm not in a frat) for one whole month. you have to live at either house and can be used at any time for sex. you really want to get in this sorority and it means everything to you to get in. you start off a bit reluctant to do it, and scared of how i'll react. over the course of the challenge, you start to enjoy being a slut and love it. the role starts with you calling me as you're on your way to the first frat house to be used.  my kik is goodgame787. only thing off limits is pee and poop stuff.", "i'm looking for a girl who has a craving for a big black cock. you are horny and insatiable and the only thing that will satisfy you is a bbc. no one else will know your secret except me, but i will make you worship my cock anytime and anywhere. at work, at church, at your grandparents house, or while you're fucking your boyfriend. i will turn you into a walking, talking bbc addict. the more innocent you act and look, the better. extra bonus points if your family wouldn't approve. let me make you the slut you know you're meant to be.", "just your average college dude looking to get off. into older women but i am bi curious. just want to be told what to do! pm me if interested", "bottoms add me jayyy479 . hairy+++ older guys+++", "18 cute and thin and I want to see her covered in I only have non nudes so if your interested Kik Kik is in bio Please only text me if your 5 people offered yesterday and non of them responded", "3 seconds = 1 dollar  20*3 seconds = 20 dollars = 1 minute  60 mins in a hour * 20 dollars = $1,200 per hour   why doesn't /u/asmongold and /u/mcconnellreeet  do this every single day for the rest of their lives, even if its only one hour a day.", "with the christmas break coming up and heading home soon, what's a good way to hide your sex toys? cuz i'd rather not go without lol.", "anyone know how to delete all of the comments and posts?", "looking for other twinks to cum with. send a pic", "lookin for a nut. i like to ask permission, always fun and like to chat normally as well. sc wild85bill", "im seeking someone able to play the creatures and factions of the common wealth, yes even the foul ones such as botflies, gouls and rabid hounds as my oc makes her way threw the world with my companion. my average post length ranges from 1-5 paragraphs depending on what im given and i wont settle for less considering the amount of effort i put in my posts. there will be story and dialog, but as the name of this prompt says there will also be plenty of room for smut. if you dont mind being dirty and using details i wont care how brutal you make each scene just dont kill my oc.   im 18+ and all characters and people involved should be 18+ as well.  my kik is raven.x.beast contact me and we will iron out the details including my kinks and limits as well as your own.", "sc:dastan1011", "Just Apparently this has to be I just want something chill where we all contribute but obviously has to be legal stuff nothing too", "most  of the time being a wedding photographer is pretty boring. once you've  seen a hundred weddings you've pretty much seen them all. but one  highlight of my  work is doing boudoir shoots, which more and more  brides are opting for. that's what i'd like to chat about tonight. maybe  you've been  considering one and have questions. maybe you've done one  and want t o talk about  it. or maybe you're just generally curious. i'm  here for all of it, so if this sounds interesting to you, send me a  message.  i'm 33, tall, slim, fit and open to chatting with anyone, but i have a particular weakness for petite women.", "nothing more, nothing less, just what the title says.", "i want to worship girls' feet and have it lead to me giving you a creampie just know that it's a bit of a forced rp.  my kinks: ageplay, incest, inflation, non-con/rape, feet, and stomach bulge my limits: gore, vore, toilet play, vomit, snuff", "27 \\[m4f\\] looking for dirty chatting or rp ing  looking for ladies to chat naughty or roleplat, we can start slow and work our way up if you like, or we can get right to it.  my kinks include but not limited to; cum play, bondage, femdom, brother sister taboo.  tell me your darkest most twisted desires, and let me help you get off as you deserve.   i've left this kind of open if you would like to add something to it feel free   limits: animals  a bit about me - 27, caucasian, 181 height.  message me for kik whenever you come across this. it does not matter how late.", "add me: kylebbutt   just send a pic", "looking for a keyholder or swap locally. inbox me if intrested.", "Looking to jerk to sexy teens you know on Id is the same as on here", "i love food play, force feeding, belly inflation, watersports, bondage, pain anal and a lot of other kinks. now, i don't like having these done to me, but i occasionally have urges to be given a taste of my of my own medicine. do stuff to me i don't want done if you will.  anyone wanna incorporate anything or come at me with something else?", "lets text :) :)", "looking for any girl that is understanding and wants to have a good time and is willing to host private message me if you're interested.", "so i'm at work atm and can't fool around. i've got some pics and vids to share, so if you're up for swapping hmu!", "title says it all. you can see more pics on my posts. message me for my kik and let's get to know better there ;)", "ok, i hope a cute girl next door type can record this and share it here! the premise is your guy roommate lost to you in a bet and has to take an ice bath for ten minutes. the lock on the door is broken so you burst in and see his teenie weenie and make lots of cute comments! should be done in a cute and playful way. :-)  below is the pastebin: [https://pastebin.com/tuykyvqz](https://pastebin.com/tuykyvqz)  also here is the full text:  <knocks on door>  hey roomie! (laughs) i think it's been ten minutes, you can get out of the tub now! i can't believe you thought you could beat me at pool! hope you liked that ice bath! you made that bet after all! haha! oh by the way, the lock on the door is broken, so guess what? i'm going to take a peek!  <opens door>  surprise! oh! oh! <giggles> oh my god!!! look how tiny your pee pee is! it's hysterical! it's tinier than my pinky and look at your tiny little balls! awwww! you have a shrinky weeenie! it loooks so cute! i'm going to squish it! haha! look how teenie weenie it is when i squish it with my thumb! awww who's a widdle guy? so, so little widdle! so tiny and cute! i'm going to name him petunia! and your little baby balls need names too. i'm going to name your left teste bubbles and the little right one is fluffy. now hold still because i need to take a picture of your tiny little wee wee and his two itty bitty balls! say cheese little willy!  <snaps camera>  aww it looks adorable! it is just the cutest little tiny thing i have ever seen. i think from now on you need to walk around the house like that so i can see it all the time. i want to play with it and take lots of pictures. i'm also going to have some of my girlfriends over and we can have photo shoot with your little fluffy! <giggles> we are going to have so much fun teenie weenie!", "28/m with a dumb, blonde, curvy 26/f - want her to get used and abused - tinydick666999", "", "hit me up... i'm interested in older must be 21 +  sc: vinlick", "hi! i'm a pretty attractive male new to the area and would love to chat and see if we click or jump right in if you're interested! pm me and lets see where it goes!", "i love to share pictures of my wife, and when she's down i love to share her. let's talk about what you think of her or how you wish your husband would set you free.", "i want to be daddies slut. come take my submissive femboy body and use it as your own. snap: ragingfetuses", "looking for someone who has a lot of pubes down there or has a foreskin.  i'd really like to see guys who have cocks like that.  the bigger the bush of hair or longer the foreskin the better! or both!  if it's you please pm me with your kik! any age and race is awesome to me.", "im at work and im in need of some witty conversation to help pass the time and keep my brain juices flowing.  im indifferent on age just as long as you are over 20.    something to help us get started: what have you done with your right foot this week that you regret?   kik: iamwhoisayiamnot", "hi, my bf and i are looking for a third for our first mfm during one of the next couple weekends.  us: 24f asian + 32m white, both working professionals in the city  please be respectful and communicate clearly.", "as i said in [https://www.reddit.com/r/hotpast/comments/a10wv3/my\\ story\\ part\\ 2/](https://www.reddit.com/r/hotpast/comments/a10wv3/my story part 2/) i was now, after several years of marriage regularly fapping to what i knew about my wife's past - the seven lovers she had mentioned when we were first dating, and the few additional facts i had learned since in idle questioning.  but i wanted more, and as she seemed comfortable with my curiosity my questions began to get more specific and to go past idle curiosity. more questions about specific acts, and what turned her on, and how they had enjoyed. somehow, in the course of this, i don't really remember anymore, either i let it out or she figured out that i was turned on by this.  she was not repulsed or even really schocked, but a little befuddled - she had never heard of anything like this before.  but she quickly came to accept it. she gave me a few juicier stories, not very much though.  we began to play some games, most particularly where she would tell me a story while giving me a hand job.  she often preferred to give a hand job instead of a bj, while i was rarely that interested in hj's but this worked as we both got what we wanted.  though i had (and still have) a tendency to cum almost immediately when she tells me a story.  as she grew more relaxed, she let me know that her \"number\" was not actually seven - she had \"forgotten\" some.  in addition to the seven there were four more she had fucked (so eleven) plus one guy she had only given a bj to, one who had only gotten a hj, and one who had made her cum with his hand, but who never entered her or came.  she told me that she had done anal with one bf, and tittyfucked another, despite previously saying i was the first who had done either act with her.  i got off not only to her being slutty in doing those things, but also the sweet innocent reluctance that had led her to hide it.   i came doing this with her (but not too often - she herself prefers romantic interaction, and i quickly learned that it worked best if talk about her past remained an occasional spice) and of course quite often by myself.  its been some years now, and it is still very hot for me to imagine.", "hey im an asian sissy girl with a big butt looking to be humilliated and be made fun of so those who are feeling stressed out or just bored can kik and let all your anger out on a sissy slut ill be your sponge", "&#x200b;  https://i.redd.it/ufa9z1k3y5121.jpg", "26 chub off of east riverside   message age pic and location  n199293 on kik  achub64 on snapchat", "add me ricksdick8   8\" white dick and round ass! snap me! up for anything", "\\- looking for someone for voice chat for tonight/tomorrow night - possible ongoing if we hit it off.  scenario: we'll be in bed - at bedtime, no pics or vids (obviously) just our voices drifting off to sleep - after we cum of course. i'm on the west coast and go to bed later so you east coast ladies should be able to stay up late!   my voice -  [https://bit.ly/2bamt2j](https://bit.ly/2bamt2j)  chat soon!", "hung futa looking for some cute femboys or females who are eager to be I promise I I do have a few simple first person is the only way I and I respectfully ask that you do the I will not respond to ur Please put in some about so I hope to see all of you darlings very If you read this my kik is I also have Telegram My Telegram user is", "lets chat :) :p", "looking for a loving and open mother or sister to help with this, open to ageplay as well.  after meeting with some old work colleagues on the weekend i forgot to let my wife know that one of them used to be a fuck buddy.  she was talking when the her and of course the conversation lead to discussing me, my friend was a little tipsy and began talking about how we used to fuck.  when i got home with my wife she asked about my relationship with her and did i still want to fuck her, being honest was not the best idea when i said id easily fuck her again. this has lead to my wife asking me to leave, which means i need somewhere to stay.  i was thinking my lovely very open mother or sister would let me come and stay with until things become better with my wife.   you can find me at verynaughty.mike", "[hey kid! stop running!](https://soundgasm.net/u/skitty/a-lifeguards-duty)  they don't pay me enough for this job. lifeguarding *and* babysitting? *sigh*   com'ere kid, you might as well be useful!  script fill \\[10:45\\]:  >a college girl working as a lifeguard at a country club notices a young boy running mischievously around the pool. someone needs to keep the him occupied and out of trouble.  script by [u/writerrohan](https://www.reddit.com/user/writerrohan)  &#x200b;  i've been sick and away for a while, so i posted an extra audio [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/skittykat/comments/a1ay3k/f4m chrome job robotfsuberror error errordirty/) to make up for my absence.   want more? [audio library](https://www.reddit.com/r/skittykat/comments/9tw33j/skitty pok%c3%a9dex audio list/)  xoxo  *\\[all content posted to gwa is by adult submitters and intended for adult listeners. the authors and performers do not condone the described behaviour in real life.\\]*", "must watch", "hi. tall, fit and fertile male based in glasgow, scotland, uk here. university level education, no family ill health. hung and attractive. kik...mrjj2019", "looking for a cum swallower . pics on my profile. hmu in pms. you host or i get a pricey hotel room. i love to 69. will go down on you too, or more. 7inches hard. i get hard again 5-8 minutes after orgasm. pm me", "i'm talking about the nursery and the farmyard.  saw them in encyclopedic description to the left, but no idea how to make them. are they tied to specific future societies?", "I will be in Phoenix Sunday through Friday on I can host at my Looking for some one relatively fit like Pm if you", "21 m midtown now  hmu, slide into my dms ;)", "all partners need to be atleast 18+ hi there! thanks for reading! im currently looking for dominant male partners with rp ideas! im tired or playing out my own rps and am looking to branch out and try some new ones! im not interested in pic sharing so please dont message me with that or expect me to send you irl pics! as stated im looking for something in the sci fi, adventure, or fantasy setting! so feel free to message me on kik with your ref, a bit about yourself, your rp idea and your favorite type of sandwich! please do try and put some effort into your message! it doesnt really entice me to respond when people send me \"hi\" or \"rp\". my kik is lil red robin  i hope you all have a wonderful night and hope to talk with you cuties soon!", "so recently i got the idea that my wife isn't really satisfied, maybe it's cause i'm not big enough for her. however i was wondering the idea of accepting being the cuckold. maybe a bull who's bigger than me can satisfy her. i would like to jerk with someone younger to her pics, preferably someone between 18-20(teenage hung)years of age, slim, less hairy. tell me how you'd bang her in front of me. also you'll be willing show off your body the way i want, how my wife turns you on. i'd prefer something long term, a bull who'd also talk and jerk about stuffs every now and then, apart from my wife.", "here is my eighth script. (it's crazy to think i've gone from unsure about this kind of writing to do this many.)  this one has a more open ending and has the performer insinuate they will do something as the script ends.  https://pastebin.com/xaq9zs1j  enjoy!", "alright that's it. i'm calling it. no more first-timers.  don't get me wrong! it's exciting to talk to a fellow neglected member of the opposite sex who's putting the feelers out there. someone who wants to learn. someone horny but hesitant.  the thought of being the first guy to kiss a woman who has only been with their spouse for the last 5, 10 years - not gonna lie, kinda hot!  but i'm knackered. i can't take another round of trading a weeks, even months of texts, only to have you consumed by the understandable but sudden onset of guilt that makes you disappear, either just before or after a first meet (and before you ask, no, not right after the pic exchange!)  don't get me wrong - i'm not judging you. you  were me a couple years ago. i was scared to go through with it too. hell, i was scared to even flirt with another woman. but now i'm not. it's not my first rodeo, and it shouldn't be yours either.  so! if you are in or around london, have done this before and want to do it again, let's talk! get to know each other. if we click, we get a coffee. simple as that.  what am i like? tall, slim/fit, blue eyes, brown hair. easy on the eyes, but not too easy.  what are you like? smart, active, selective and take good care of yourself. know how to laugh at yourself and hold down a conversation.  and i'm not your first ap.", "hung futa looking for some cute femboys or females who are eager to be I promise I I do have a few simple first person is the only way I and I respectfully ask that you do the I will not respond to ur Please put in some about so I hope to see all of you darlings very If you read this my kik is I also have Telegram My Telegram user is", "looking for some company on this snowy day in the mountain west.  i consider myself intelligent, i'm educated (hold a master's), and have a good job and progressing career.  i enjoy interesting conversation and intelligent women, and because i'm not looking for something in person, you don't have to be local.  i more enjoy chatting and exchanging messages to roleplay and open to chatting elsewhere.  i like hearing what you like sexually, turn-ons, etc. knowing you're enjoying the conversation makes it all that much better.  no preference on age or race, but even having somewhat of a candor/connection online adds an additional layer of fun.  personally, i love sex, am open-minded, laid back, more than slightly sarcastic, consider myself witty, and have a good sense of humor.  i'm willing to share photos, including my face but to give you a general idea i'm 6'3\", i have dirty blond hair and blue eyes, consider myself attractive and athletic.", "this will be the third year in a row for the trip.  she plans to spend two nights of the week with her ex bf.  if you care to discuss, send me your kik.", "hey guys snap me at jeffreyj22", "boade1", "i would love to hear about it. i'm curious because i've been having impure thoughts about both my sister and my mother lately... can't act out any of those thoughts in real life, obviously, but with like minded people on reddit anything can be talked about.  send me a pm if any of this is relevant to you", "the title says it all! long day at work, just getting ready to get in the bath and put on my sexy lingerie. https://i.redd.it/3c2aqvyvv5121.jpg   a little taste for those of you who are curious ;)  message me!", "Young college guy will suck dick for alcohol", "horny chub/cub guy. looking for jerk partner: let's have some fun. pics in post history. any body type but black+++ chaser+++ otters+++ muscles+++ add me: hunklvr7", "say something nice :) :p", "title says it all - looking for a dirty girl who wants to play and be used, who can't say no. a slutty girl who wants to share all the dirty things she does. i'm not shy about pics. tall/white/fit/tattoo'd handsome guy. lets see what kind of trouble we can get into..", "looking for a master that will degrade  humiliate and use me as a pet and share me  frankly to be abused  https://imgur.com/a/higjeif looking for long term also have a boyfriend no he does not know what i do although as my master you should probably let him know", "good evening ladies, this is an offer for a mustache ride open to all ottawa area women. i am a 33 year old white male with an athletic build, that loves to tease, taste and please a woman. i am ready, and willing to lick for hours.  i am located in the east end but am mobile and open to whatever situations arise.  pm me and maybe we can make something happen. check my profile for pictures if interested.", "hi guys, trying to find a brunette milf pornstar who looks a bit like diana prince. can you name any brunette pornstars who look similar.  i believe her name had a reece in it somewhere but ill take any names.  cheers.", "23 yo bull here with 2 years of experience in real life play. i love to chat with cuckolds. it doesnt matter your experience. message me your kik.", "Why does everyone seem to use I like that it let you have any of the pics or vids least on", "little about myself i am a 20 year old guy, attending university. although my schedule might be tight i always make room for some play time. i am not an experienced sub and would like someone to help me try it out. my only request is that our identities be fairly well verified (even though your profile looks much more legitimate than most). -your future slut", "hello folks, i am a human futa girl, who has a myriad of kinks, but the required ones to me are ageplay and humiliation, i love them so much so please be into them, just message me whatever other kinks you have alongside a rec  can't wait to see ya", "hmu at drewxxl", "have you ever had two guys compete against each other for you? or ever wanted to have a bf, but calls the shots in the relationship and be with more alpha/superior guys if you so choose? let's make this rp happen!  &#x200b;  i am open to idea's and other interests, but the general theme for this rp is that the f has a bf and he is forced to compete against another male for her favor - i have a competition of sorts in mind but am also open to ideas! she gets to choose who wins and who loses the competition, the winner gets the girl and the loser bears the shame of losing to a more superior male.  &#x200b;  my kinks include: cuckold, domination, sph, femdom, forced femdom, and more! all characters must be 18+.  &#x200b;  i'd love to have this be an ongoing theme/rp that can evolve into other rp's if it works out! i have kik and chatzy, open to other platforms as well.  &#x200b;  \\*please pm me if interested!\\*  &#x200b;  thanks for reading and i look forward to hearing from you!", "[https://discord.gg/jbh8djj](https://discord.gg/jbh8djj)", "just a wolf looking for a longterm partner i do have a few ideas of rp scenarios but i do prefer more of a story over  just screwing each other in it  i do prefer telegram over kik but i do have both  telegram @kamihimitsu   kik thesecretsword", "hai i has a cgl (all kinks are welcome) kik group full of wonderful and awesome littes and caregivers! you can even find your own caregiver or little here also! i hope eventually we can have more mommies and switches!  we accept everyone as long as you are over 18!  live pic verification is a must and we do have rules to follow!!  # sillylittlesplayground  on kik and check us out!!", "Anyone else here have a cum I think about cumming nearly and am constantly thinking about new things to do with places to", "hey, so i love seeing guys cum, and i'd like to see as many cumshots as i can, as fast as i can. so any guy that wants to join, just add me. rules: listen to me, and don't demand anything. if your a good boy, i'll give you some material to work with.  i like younger guys as well as much older guys.  pm me your age and kik, or just add me on kik (same as reddit username)", "hey,  &#x200b;  i'm a 28 year old guy stuck at work who also happens to have a really big dick (long enough for both hands and then some).   &#x200b;  what girl wants to come chat and maybe even have fun together?   &#x200b;  pm me your kik id", "hey, i'm a 19 year old submissive german guy and i'd really like to be owned by a mistress i can please by following her orders or give her some orgasms (i'd love to eat her out). i'm a bit experienced, but nevertheless a beginner. it should be a longterm relationship, hopefully with real life meetings. (would be great if you are from germany as well, especially if you live in the saarland or in rhineland palatinate)(if you want me to i can come over today.)  a few infos about myself: i'm blonde, fit, 6 feet tall, consider myself hung (7.6\") and i love doing sports.  pm me if you are interested.", "dm me for kik", "i make my way towards the bathroom but on the way grab a bucket. i'm smiling because i know you're going to hate this but i'm going to love it.  -  i can hear you calling out to me \"daddy, where have you gone?\" i love your loud sulks, they are such a turn on for me.  -  \"not much longer now, i'll be back with the surprise\" i yell back.  -  \"oh, i never put the dildo back inside you. oh well, you can suffer\" i think to myself.  -  i finally enter the bathroom and start running the taps, making sure i only fill it with cold water.  -  i fill at least 65% of the bucket and call out you \"i'm coming back now.\" i enter the room and look at you, you're a mess and i fucking love it.  -  \"what's the bucket for?\" you ask.  -  \"oh, nothing just part of my next game\" i reply.  -  \"i forget something,\" i say as i run to the kitchen quickly. i grab the nearest big bowl and fill it with ice, i bring it back into the bedroom and tip all of it in the bucket, i see you back away a bit in the corner of my eye.  -  \"what's the matter, baby?\" i ask.  -  \"is... is that for me?\" you ask.  -  \"of course, i know just how much you hate icy cold water so i thought i'd shove your face in a bucket of it and then have some more fun with you\" i reply.  -  i grab the bucket and sit down on the bed, i make sure to hold it down with one hand using a firm grip as i look at your face. i lean in and kiss you, i feel the passion as you kiss me back, before breaking it i bite against your bottom lip deeply, making it bleed slightly.  -  \"daddy,\" you say as you look at me with the cutest little puppy eye's i've ever seen. \"you won't hold me down for too long, will you?\" you ask straight after.  -  \"oh baby, daddy will hold you down for as long as he wants, you've been naughty all night and disobeyed me, it's time for you to really be taught a lesson\" i reply.  -  the scared look in your eyes says it all, you don't want this but you know you have to suffer because you have been naughty.  -  \"i'm re- (water sounds)\" is all you got out as i forced your face down into the freezing bucket of water.  -  *30 seconds later*  -  all i can hear is you struggle to breathe as my hand holds you down under the water, i finally bring you up and hear you gasp for air.  -  \"daddy wait i'm not re- (water sounds)\" is all you get out again as i shove your head straight back in. \"i'm not letting you talk as you've been such a bitch to me tonight,\" i say while your head is currently being forcefully held down.  -  *20 seconds later*  -  i decide that's enough for now and bring you up, you're gasping for air and practically lifeless again. i place the bucket on the floor and bring you lifeless head up to my cock as i shove it straight back down your throat, and pound away until i've had enough.  -  i remove my cock and get up off the bed, i turn you around so that you're facing the machine dildo and line it up with your mouth.  -  i turn the dildo machine back on and put it down onto a slower speed to start with, i push it against your lips and watch as it makes its way into your mouth, you start immediately choking on it and i love it.  -  i get back onto the bed and get sit behind you, i line my cock up with your pretty little cunt and push at the opening.  -  \"mmm\" is all that i hear from you as your mouth is currently full. i finally push my cock in and start filling your tight pussy with my thick cock.  -  i pick up the pace since your pussy has been destroyed tonight by the dildo that is currently pounding away at your throat, i'm getting so deep, you're such a dirty slut.  -  i can feel the lack of life in you, you're so fragile now and it's incredible that i'm still able to use you and abuse you with no complaints.  -  you remove your mouth from the dildo and say \"daddy, i want your cock in my mouth.\"  -  i look at the back of your head and grab onto your hair \"listen here bitch, that's a good idea and maybe i will but we're not done yet.\"  -  i pick up the pace and start thrusting as hard as i possibly can, your moans fill the bedroom as do mine. i call out and say \"you dirty fucking toy, you're going to get an absolute pounding in every single hole of yours\"  -  \"please, daddy yes!\" you reply.  -  \"put your mouth back around that dildo and let it fuck your throat like the good slut i know you are,\" i demand of you.  -  you obey me by replying \"yes, daddy!\"  -  i think to myself about what i should do to you next and i have a hard time figuring it out but then it came to me, i'm going to...", "https://thothub.tv/2018/11/06/eskimokisses-snapchat-masturbating-leak/", "looking for anyone who wants to show off and cum. willing to share some pics of my ex to help you get off. pm me if you're interested", "https://imgur.com/a/tc6vicw", "Dsun999", ".....you and i will fuck the day away! wife is on a business trip for a couple of weeks and i have some needs to take care of...", "sub guy here looking to be turned onto men, curious and looking for a woman or a guy to help me along and encourage me.   very submissive, into being told what to do. have some toys as well  pm me", "boss sends me up to bossier city, louisiana, don't know anyone here, and i just got off work. it's been a long day? anyone down to fool around?", "pm me for info", "there is nothing i would like more than to talk to a nice thick \\[pawg\\]([https://gfycat.com/offensivecolorfulcopperhead](https://gfycat.com/offensivecolorfulcopperhead)) or a girl who loves big, juicy \\[ass\\]([https://i.imgur.com/nytl2gr.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/nytl2gr.jpg)) as much as i do.  &#x200b;", "kik: i geo2000 i", "hey guys. 20 yr old college student here located in long island (smithtown) looking to have some fun. open to most things. send me a dm of what you wanna do. i have pics, kik and snap if you're interested. hmu peoplee :)", "looking for a young master send asl and hey slave  sc jisus0101", "one: those who are into older, married men, and two: those who haven't tried them yet. if there's an attribute you're interested in, you can find it - i'm 37 (experienced), married (know how to treat a lady - interpret that how you like), know how to maintain a conversation (yes, i actually enjoy chatting). oh and i'm dirty as hell too - but that's something to look forward to. so maybe you're younger and love the age gap, maybe youre into the forbidden thrill of the already taken, maybe you're sick of talking to boys instead of men. in any case, i can help you. make yourself known", "I would love to find someone who can train me online but whom I also might be able to meet one I have", "a while ago i read a story and i would like to find it again. i think i typed into google something like 'female rubber pup trapped in latex'.   the story was in the female subs perspective. the plot when something like how the sub love her master and everything but the master got busy with work and brought home another female master to take care of the sub while he was busy. eventually it goes into the female master dominates the female sub a lot taking her to special places and getting fitted with latex suits and such.  story takes a bit of a darker turn as the female master inevitably does lock the female sub inside a latex suit that does slight body modifications like elongating her neck and almost dislocating her jaw so she can never take the latex suit off. the female sub is kept in a closet out of sight out of mind by the female master. the new female master becomes the new female sub for the male master.   the story concludes with the female sub walking around and eventually finding the female master and some self bondage and removes the key so that she can not get out and waits for the male master to return. we find out that the female master told the male master that the female sub ran away so that the female master can have the mail all to herself. and it kind of just ends there.  i would really like to read the story again but i cannot find it. it was on google about 5 months ago.", "hi! i'm an asian girl from australia in nyc for a business trip and wouldn't mind some company while i'm here. show me around and i'll show you what's down under? ;)  pm me a pic and a little about yourself", "i want to choose the porn vids u jerk off to and watch u jerk off with them, nothing extreme, mostly petite girls fucking big cocks, add hertsgirls on kik", "just a kitty boy with an extremely high libido looking for a bit of relief to my pent up tensions, so looking for guys with a very large tool who wouldn't mind helping out and being taken for ride like some kind of mounted dildo, or would rather do the plowing themselves, i'm pretty flexible but don't expect someone to serve you. i would prefer just getting to the fun, but if you have something in mind i'm all ears.  i have an f-list that have all of my kinks laid out if your interested in more details of what i like, also my art owned and hosted there as well but if you wanted to know my favorite stuff that's at like the top of what i always want, that would be any those who are well endowed, feminine guys, ageplay, and size play plus other stuff escaping my mind right now. though there is a serious craving though for still monsterously hung humans or someone robotic!  hope to hear from you soon if you have any questions feel free to ask and i'll do my best to answer! and if i don't i might be busy or asleep! probably asleep cause cats nap and all", "looking for a short term chat/rp where my ex is fair game for any horny cock that wants her  i'm looking for you to play multiple men either all at once or one by one or even a mix of the two ;)  and i mean anybody can use her from just random horny guys on the street, rowdy drunk guys in a bar/club, even filthy homeless beggars.  maybe she even got transported to another reality filled with beasts and creatures to fill her full of cock abd cum!(really been interested in this lately so people into this will get priority!  as for me i can either rp as her or 3rd person narrate her!   and this can be short to long term if you wanna really build the world and have her fucked many, many times   i am 18+ and all participants and characters will be", "i'm wondering that is cream charger(laughing gas) popular in us?  &#x200b;  raise your hands if you even played it before\\~!", "Just wondering", "hi all, i'm andrew and i'm looking for a dominant female who would be up for a session or two. my most recent play partner moved away a couple of months ago and i have a bit of an itch to scratch.  i'm based in sw london and cannot host but i have frequently used a hire dungeon in north london, which i would propose as a place for us to play. it's incredibly well equipped and would be a safe, neutral location. i would be happy to pay.  some of the things i'm interested in are being tied up, dressing up, impact play, nipple torture, humiliation, pegging and body worship. i would be happy to just include things you are comfortable with and am open to new kinks too. i will always respect your boundaries and limits and expect the same in return.  i'm 6'0, average build, brown hair and eyes. i can send a pic on request. i work in it and enjoy playing team sports. i don't smoke and am d+d free. my only request of you is that are no older than 40 and are also d+d free.  just send me a message if you're interested and i hope to hear from some of you.", "hmu @hairyteenbtm", "i'm looking for a girl who is attractive by everyone's standards but her own. you've either been molested, raped, dumped repeatedly, or something similar. maybe you had no father figure and that caused you to be broken? either way, broken girls are the best fucks out there. you probably cheat on your b/f or husband, sleep with coworkers, love sucking cock and gagging on it until you cum, like multiple guys fucking you, think of incest with an imaginary daddy, and always try to please the guy despite them treating you like shit.  me: i am in my late 30s, funny, smart, educated, able to converse about almost anything, sarcastic, witty, professional, attractive (based on my daily interaction with women), and generally pleasant. besides that... i know how to handle women like you.  if you're curious about replying... don't be, just reply. it'll be another poor decision like every other one you've made in life. at least this one will leave you feeling satisfied for a while.", "i'm really into watching guys or girls grabbing girls necks, but hardcore choking is a bit too rough for me. whenever i look for choking videos they're always too intense or even go as far as the girl passing out.  just light choking or neck grabbing. any subreddit with videos like that?", "Hey looking for a girl that just wants to sit on my face and let me eat and lick her love to lick and will do it all night long if you let a great kisser and love making Send me a cant host due to annoying roommates but Im up for getting a motel room or coming over to Im Italian and short black brown", "just bored up for anything :)", "hung and bored. looking to sext with interested ladies. here's what i'm packing: https://i.redd.it/cs1r9h3as0t11.jpg  i'm on kik.", "send me a pic with your age when you add ashton bey", "i am a normal healthy person. is it safe for me to take modafinil 100mg everyday just for a week?", "young fit guy looking for some late night company. chatting, sexting, rp i'm up for pretty much anything (nothing gross though) if you're interested pm me a bit about yourself and maybe your favorite kink.", "Just had 1 of my worst days at work anybody want to feed me teen latinas so i have something to look forward to when i get Kik mrwellkid", "<plot driven nsfw>  hey, i'm george and i'm looking for a girl who is other than white, (as that is what i am myself) who is interested in a raceplay scene. asian, arab, black and mixed girls are preferred, but anyone is welcome.   my kinks: raceplay, cock worship, ass worshiping, pussy worshiping, being dominant, creampie and many more...  my limits: scat, piss, death, extreme roughness(like cuts or unusual   in your first message, please tell me your race and a detailed description of yourself.   i'm not actually racist at all, but this is a major kink of mine.   i'm 18+ and all participant and characters be 18+  kik me at gtrffc if you're interested!", "looking to swap porn pics and vids. i also make captions. pm for kik if interested", "it had a blonde asian, was uncensored, and had english subtitles about a website or something", "rtex88", "we're a sex positive couple who love bdsm and have some kinks we play out a lot. we want to exhibit for others enjoyment and have them share as well. totally verifiable and down to chat about anything.", "9\"+ shaven only, bonus points if you're a blond twink", "Hello females of I am an admin of an exhibition kik if you like to show have your body adored or see other people showing off then this is the group for It is well policed so everyone is verified and all creeps or thirsty dicks are kicked out straight We have more guys then girls right now so we are looking to make it more If this interests you please message me and we can get you verified and in the group to have fun", "i've never done this before but i want to try sucking a dick. please be disease free. im looking to do this as soon as possible preferable. message me if your interested. i'm puerto rican, medium build and prefer to go to you. let me know if anything. i have pictures if you do.", "i'm looking for a girl who is attractive by everyone's standards but her own. you've either been molested, raped, dumped repeatedly, or something similar. maybe you had no father figure and that caused you to be broken? either way, broken girls are the best fucks out there. you probably cheat on your b/f or husband, sleep with coworkers, love sucking cock and gagging on it until you cum, like multiple guys fucking you, think of incest with an imaginary daddy, and always try to please the guy despite them treating you like shit.  me: i am in my late 30s, funny, smart, educated, able to converse about almost anything, sarcastic, witty, professional, attractive (based on my daily interaction with women), and generally pleasant. besides that... i know how to handle women like you.  if you're curious about replying... don't be, just reply. it'll be another poor decision like every other one you've made in life. at least this one will leave you feeling satisfied for a while.", "he needs a good little girl to come and keep him company. maybe that's you?", "i love jerking with guys on video chat to our favorite celebrities, mine are bhad bhabie jem wolfie and demi rose kik me tanr thmpsn", "Hello I am Michael 25 from London I am looking for someone to play as a pornstar for me to we can choose later who the pornstar is and what we both Here are some ideas for our roleplay but feel free to bring your Maybe doing a meet and greet at a convention and I end up meeting you and you take a liking to my giant cock she feels as we take a Perhaps I am an obsessive fan who loves you way too much and I message you on social media all the time and I post comments on every single eventually you want to come meet Maybe by a chance meeting in a coffee shop could get us talking and we end up going on a date and then in a committed Or even You just decided to reach out to a fan to message me on start this off by messaging me as what ever pornstar you Maybe I won a competition to have a non sexual cameo in a scene they are but once you see me you decided to switch things up and fuck me instead on camera And finally I would love to sneak in to your dressing room and fuck you senseless without your consent haha Some of the Pornstars I like Madison Ivy Monique Alexander Nicole Aniston Romi Rain Chanel Preston Abigail MAC Phoenix Marie Audrey Bitoni For kinks and limits or anymore details about me or the feel free to message me on here or on my username is mjd931 I am and all participants and characters must be", "i'm looking for an alpha-type to explore how much of a beta i truly am. i've been cuckolded twice. my girlfriends all knew i was a sissy underneath it all.  where you might look [at a picture like this](https://i.imgur.com/v2zz4s5.jpg) and think that she needs to be stripped naked, i want to know what it's like to wear that. to dance and move and have people look at me and feel what it's like to be naked and still covered up. my girlfriends knew this and eventually cuckolded me to be with a real man.  same with [her](https://i.imgur.com/8ng8y3b.jpg) and [her](https://i.imgur.com/19tu3tb.jpg). you might be aroused, i want to have breasts. wear tights. pose. exhibit. display.  how much of a beta am i really? send me a pic to caption, to chat about cuckolding, or explore and you be the judge!", "exams are hard, finding alone time is even harder. looking for a cum dumpster i can release my frustrations into. if this sounds like a past time you'd enjoy message me", "found out the wig i posted the other day doesn't entirely cover my hair, so i'll be posting pics of the replacement wig i bought when it gets here friday (fingers crossed), and next week, i'll be posting fully dressed pics, minus makeup and shoes, because i haven't bought either one yet.", "i too am lean with a nice cock and would like to trade and share. you can pm me. i'll be waiting...", "Lets whoever has a smaller cock has to do whatever the winner Jguy345", "saw this video some years back and couldn't stop laughing. i want to share it with my girlfriend, but my google-fu isn't turning anything up. it may have been alison tyler in the video? not entirely sure. any help is appreciated - thanks!", "hi guys, i'm a retired [r/gonewild](https://www.reddit.com/r/gonewild) contributor that currently lives in california and is getting used to the housewife lifestyle.  just so you can get a better idea of how i look, i'm 27, *5*'4 and my current measurements are 32d-26-43, so many of my girfriend say i'm skinny with a phat ass (also stretch marks happen with an ass like mine).  (this is a long read)  but i'm here to talk about what happened a few months ago as i was just moving in to my new apartment with my bf, we've been together for about 2 years now and i barely met any of their relatives since they all live abroad and rarely travel, specially his dad wich i only heard great things about, just an overall 52 year old workaholic guy still managing his family workshop in peru. my bf invited him several times to visit him along with her mom even helping them with the whole visa process, but he never accepted, he always claimed that he was busy and stuff. my bf was always pretty sad about it since the only way he could see his family was him travelling there. and then everything changed when he actually accepted and it was perfect since we just moved in and we could have him here. my bf was really exciting and also shaky about how his dad would feel about visiting another country since he never left his country before but also upset about not having his mom here since she couldn't leave the business.  a few weeks passed and we went and picked up his dad or \"viejo\" like he called him. we saw a tall, build guy for his age with short hair, he walked confident and proud like he knew where he was going but we soon found out he had no clue as we waved at him and point him towards us. my bf noticed the wraps on his hands as he struggled to pull his case, he could barely move his fingers and they were pretty shaky, he asked him and his dad responded in spanish telling him that he fell and stretched his fingers the wrong way which left him out of the work loop for a few days and that's when he though about actually having an extended vacation in years and coming to the us. i learned some spanish since i met him so i could actually trade some words with his dad, while my bf was translating what i couldn't understand which was like 80%. he hugged and kissed me on the cheek, he had a pretty strong hug despite his hands injury, something felt really strong about the guy and i could smell his super macho perfume. it was a pretty big impression on me.  we got to the car and drove our way home while his dad looked thru the window amazed at how different everything was from back home, he tried to speak a few english words with a thick accent and we laughed. his dad was pretty funny and he seemed to like every place we went. he gave me a few looks and i noticed he checked my ass out as soon as i tried to help him with his bags. i guess my tight jeans didn't help much and he was soon enjoying a different view. i just played dumb and enjoyed the attention, didn't gave much thought to it. he was careful around his son though, so his eyes had stick to our apartment walls and his new room. my bf left to the grocery store and he left me in charge of showing him the rest of the place, i could barely speak anything so he just nodded and mumble stuff in spanish also noticing my lack of spanish skills. i was showing him his room and i felt my g-string popping on one side id usually just tug it in but i guess i felt like messing with the old man so i actually pulled it up so he could see it if i band a bit over, i went next to him and slighty lean while showing him how the shades worked, he was immediately distracted by my g-string, i let him have a good look and then continued giving him the tour while pretending i just noticed my underwear out of place to tug it in. it was all a little game to me, i didn't mean anything more than just a bit of attention, i soon found out he had a really pervy look everytime i turned my back to him.  so night was upon us and he needed to shower, my bf told him in spanish if he needed any help but he refused any help from him being very proud. we knew he would have trouble showering or eating, he told me he was worried about him and i said that if he needed any help i could try, my bf said i wasn't forced to it but was frustrated at the fact that his dad wouldn't let him help. i almost ran into his dad leaving the bathroom but backtracked i actually felt bad for him as he was really shaky and after it he could barely eat, i actually offered my help and he finally accepted, i helped him finish his meal and my bf was really thankful for it as we went to bed. we have a regular sex life and he is always really excited about my body but it was lacking lately, always him finishing really fast and i always used to enjoy it, he has an average cock so nothing to complain there.  when we woke up i told my bf about him getting more hurt after the shower and how it could damage him instead of actually recovering, he was concerned and talked with his dad before leaving to run some errands. i went back to sleep for like 20 minutes and when i woke up forgot i was not alone at the house so i just walked out wearing only my t-shirt with no bra and my thong, tip toeing around to have a glass of juice when i suddenly remember his dad was there so i turned around and he was watching me from there pretending to walk around the place, he said some stuff in spanish trying to explain himself while i grabbed my couch pillows and covered. the creep was checking me out from there, but i actually wasn't mad, it was something about having his attention that felt good. i pointed him towards the juice as i left for my room to have a shower and change into something less slutty lol. i changed to my t-shirt and yoga pants to be comfortable around the house and a g-string under there. it was a pretty regular morning as my gf came back and his dad checking me out lol. it was time for his dad to have a shower again so this time, we both approached him, my bf explained in spanish what our concerns were and then i guess he tried to refuse it but i made some signs and tried to speak in spanish like \"yo ayuda\" and he finally accepted, i wasn't pretending to do more than just passing him the soap or shampoo, but he went there, stripped got himself to the tub and i knocked to see if i could come in, he said yes and i entered the steamy room, i could see some of his body shape thru the glass but tried not to make him feel uncomfortable, i just stood next to him while i tried to cover the view with a towel, i first squeezed the shampoo bottle for him, while i tried not to look he opened the glass door and i had a peek of his cock, it was fast but i actually was really surprised by the size of it, he looked like he had a really big tip and a thick big cock, still limb but i started to imagine how big it would be with a hard on. i suddenly felt my face blushing and my hear beating faster, i could see him struggling with his hair so i pointed to my hair to help him, i put the towel back on and he tilted his head out in order for me to scratch and shower it. when we were done there i think my slutty self won and i offered my help showering the rest of his body, his face expression said everything his tongue couldn't. he was shocked and had a look at the door like knowing that this was a bit risky and not that appropriate for the girl of his son to do. but he just said something in spanish and said ok, that's all i needed to hear so i straight up opened the glass door, and acted really professionally around him, like i really didn't mean anything else. i had a full view of his cock surround by a wet bush dripping, i tried not to look at it but couldn't help myself, i felt he noticed but said nothing just trying his best to speak english, i just nodded and smiled at him, grabbed the soap and the sponge to start scrubbing. i scrubbed almost everywhere, i didn't go for his cock, im not that slutty or i guess i thought i wasn't at that point, but when i got near his thighs i got a big surprise as he got a pretty big semi, letting me see his huge potential, he smile and was pretty quiet during this part. i avoided his huge thick meat as i could but was pretty difficult to not look at it, i was pretty wet at this point. i felt i did enough and left him there to finish, he smiled and i understood the \"gracias\" he said to me with a bit of a pervy look.  i ended up having to excuse myself to my bathroom and fingered myself into several orgasms while having the image of his big cock dangling there wet and heavy. it was a pretty uncomfortable night, felt a bit guilty after it but tried to play it down around my bf.  the next day was pretty regular too, but we left to show him around, we shared a few looks but not much. i guess we had something going on since he knew i wasn't supposed to go that far. another shower round started, so i entered again after he stripped. he was standing there waiting with the glass door opened. he was expecting me to shower him again, i got to see the whole process of his cock filling with blood as i scrubbed him. this time i saved the thighs for last and managed to get him at the ideal hard on, he was huge and his tip was even bigger, i was wet again and the slutty side won again, i really wanted to touch that cock, so i just slide my hands around without touching it but since he didn't say anything i just went for it and rub it while i tried to not make it feel too sexual, he tried to turn his hips away from me but then let me do it, i got on my knees and was straight up giving him a handjob, got a bit of water to clean it up, we locked eyes and we both knew what was about to happen, i went for it and pulled it toward my lips, to star sucking his tip as i stroked it. my pussy was so wet, i felt my thong moving around it. i tried to fit his thick cock there and show my bj game but he was pretty thick and long, i licked the whole length while loooking him to his eyes, he pull my hair back and looked at the door worried about my bf walking by but i actually locked the door . he mumbled some spanish words and i got super horny so i tried to take the whole thing and deepthroat it but his meat made me gag like crazy, my eyes got super watery and i soon felt tears running down my face as i started to give the blowjob of my life, getting supper sloppy and gagging. he was breathing heavy and puffing, i knew he was close so i went wild at it while keeping the rhythm up. his cock started to twitch and i felt his loads filling my mouth, he had a pretty big load cause i had to swallow pretty fast not to choke with all of the cum that was flowing, it was so much i started coughing some of the cum. his cock went limb pretty fast in my mouth and i was able finally to touch his belly with my nose as i cleaned him up. swallowed everything i could and rushed to clean my mouth and my face too. i was covered in sweat and had some cum dripping from my chin that i must've coughed, he was sitting on the edge of the tub exhausted and with a big smile he said \"gracias\" again and something else in spanish but i just smiled back as i licked some of the cum that i could reach. i looked at the mirror and i was a mess and i felt ike a real slut. i just knew there was no way to go back, left him there to finish showering and went to my room but before i closed the door i made a shush sign with my finger and winked at him to what he just responded with several nods without saying a word. my bf asked if everything was ok and i just responded with a smile in my face that everything went awesome, that his dad was really nice and he barely let me help. same thing went down for me that night, fingering until i came like crazy, shaking in my empy tub while my bf was about to go to sleep.  ok, so i didn't want to extend this too long so i'm going to continue with the rest of y father-in-law visit in another post about what happened after. you may ask why this is relevant now, well i will be visiting peru next month to spend the holidays with his family...  if you got any question you can ask below or dm me.", "*we are together for a few years now. you were always a bit bigger and nerdy but i loved that. you were a natural beauty, so you never needed a lot of makeup to look sexy!*  *i always liked that you were adventurous, especially in bed - even if you didn't look like that in first place.*  *but i never imagined that you would be this adventurous...*  now the fun part begins and maybe it could be something like this:  * we are together at a night out and you tell me you find some guy at the bar hot and want to bring him home * you are at a night out with some friends and you text me that you met another guy * i'm coming home from work and i catch you with another guy * you tell me you are interested a threesome or a gangbang * you start teasing me while we are having sex with slutty comments about other guys  if you have different ideas - i'm open for them too :)  it would be nice if you are able to switch a bit between dom and sub, but it's no must have.  i have a lot of kinks, but to mention a few:  groupsex, interracial, risky sex, cum, sloppy seconds, forced bi, anal, light humiliation, cuckolding, wifesharing, stretching...  if you are interested i would love to hear from you :)  oh and just talking instead of rp is fine too!", "[https://i.imgur.com/bycmst5.gif](https://i.imgur.com/bycmst5.gif)", "black vocal dude in london ... hmu @ take3throwaway", "so me and my girlfriend are coming to amsterdam tomorrow and wondered if there's any ladies that would like to make this an unforgettable 4 days.   it would be awesome to find someone who wants to connect with us and have a load of fun!   drop us a message and let's see what we can do!", "i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  before you go any further i must warm you, this isnt a smutty rp!    that's right , no sex   with that out of the way , hay! i'm sam and i recently fell in love with this game, and that gave a brilliant idea to make a rp about it!   probably the second most important thing i have to say is that i'm looking for creativity, if you wanna play a cannon character that's fine, but i would appreciate if you would come up with something original!   i already got some original ideas on my head for us to make a starter!   if you got more questions and i'm sure you do  kik me : .candy.kill.me.   hope to see you all there!", "i'm a total bottom when it comes to oral as well as anal. my man does the penetrating and i don't think about my dick going in his mouth. is this something many other tops and bottoms prefer (or perhaps more of a dom/sub thing)?  and for tops who give blowjobs, i'm curious is this because the bottom likes it, has asked for it or you think they expect it?", "you've been looking for someone like me. someone who will take you deep into trance. someone who will control your thoughts. someone who will control how you dress. someone who will control how you behave. someone who will control your arousal. someone who will control your orgasms. someone you will adore. someone you can call \"master\".", "As the title had talks with older women before and very much enjoyed their demeanour and all their So if that describes then by all means have a I also love women that are lovehandles or whatever you want to call Something about those curves is very attractive to me and love to tell you my thoughts about how beautiful you So if you fit either or both of those descriptors absolutely love to hear from To give you something about a chubby and 23 year old I have lots of kinks and fantasies that love to discuss or live A few of them are for Submission Exhibitionism Cum ass play and toilet play Edging and orgasm control As a person more of the nerdy and slightly shy but I promise I warm up to people very quickly and I can hold a decent conversation about most So if you wish to talk about various be more than happy", "hiya everyone :)   does anyone play gta v online on pc?   hoping to get some more friends on there ;)", "hey there!  the first time, i joined to reddit 2 years ago, i found what i wanted just in a day. i found a long term naughty sext partner. she was cute, intelligent, well educated, and of course extremely hot. we played together ones and it was so fun, that we said that we will do it again sometime..... so we did, for half a year, and we spoke almost everyday. but not just sexting, most of the time we were just chating like friends.  so i'm looking for the same now. please, if you are interested in such a relationship, pm me i have kik.  rules are be 18+, woman, intelligent, and of course willing to share faceless pics about playing with yourself... if we click, we could do this long g term.  i'm european, tall, well educated, have a huge sex drive, and willing to please you. http://imgur.com/a/gq8nw3b", "[http://gfpics.com/wp-content/uploads/5-78.gif](http://gfpics.com/wp-content/uploads/5-78.gif)", "like the title says, i'm in the jacksonville area and i love eating pussy.  it's been far too long since i've had my face ridden. i want to taste your juices that you're dripping just for me.   let's get this ball rolling so i can make you happy with my mouth.", "look for the original source", "hi! we all know this is a femdom subreddit, of course i'm into that. that's why i'm here, that's why you're here, so instead of going into some long shpeel about being sub-bot 9000 or what have you i'm going to try something a little different.  me? i want to feel like i belong to someone, feel like i'm loved. i want to have a shoulder to cry on and someone to cuddle me as we talk about random stuff. maybe it's the new anime you're watching, maybe it's the new game i'm playing, maybe it's about my emotional issues or something that's bothering you at work.  i want to be your shoulder to cry on, someone you can depend on. i want to be someone who will be there for you when you come home from a stressful day at work with whatever you need. need a warm cup of tea? sit down and relax. i got you. need a hot meal? anything you want.  i'm not going to say i'm a baggage free individual. my post history should make that obvious, but everyone has baggage. if you listen to me, then of course i'll do the same for you.  the most important thing in this whole endeavor is support. i want to support you, be there for you, do anything you desire, and i want you to be there for me as well.  anyways, if this sounds like your kind of relationship, please feel free shoot me a dm. we can talk about whatever you want. it doesn't even have to directly relate to this post. have a good one, and i hope to talk with you soon!  p.s: if you want to tie me down and *use* me for all i'm worth, i'll be more than happy to participate :3", "I am going to start Christmas themed captions if you would like some of your own done feel free to PM", "https://i.imgur.com/2tlckwh.gif", "i saw the video once and never saw it again i really liked it and would like to find it to add it to my collection i cant remember the jav idols name though.", "hello there, 25 white fit dom here looking to chat with submissive slut who loves being degraded and used. i want to tell you about all the filthy dirty things that im gonna do to you and your slutty body. willing to trade pics.", "i turned 25 in july and i still haven't done the deed, i'm still a virgin.i'm 5'6 feet and 160lbs. i just want to do it for the first time. it makes me a little sad cause i never had a relationship, never kissed and so on. i'm not looking for a relationship but i wont mind having one but i'm just looking to lose my virginity. i'm a huge geek i play video games and read comic books and i've been going to the gym working out. i hope you are interested, we could first meet up at a public places to talk so we can get to know each other if you want that. i hope you women will help me out.", "you would in real life", "Open to Lets have some fun and get off", "planning on instituting a game of would you rather between my wife/mistress and me.  we have a switch-y relationship often with her being hesitant though enthusiastic in dominating me.  so i was hoping you all could help me out with some would you rathers for our next game such as the following:  be locked in chastity for a month, or wear womens underwear (mine to be locked away) for 6 months  be spanked with the crop nightly for a week 20 times (hard), or once 100 times (its a fear and a fantasy to have a bruised ass)  wear heels to the grocery store, or eyeshadow to the mall   limits are no blood/watersports/scat, needles.  no major feminization, though 1-2 items is within my limits, i present cis-gendered male, however i do own a couple of pair of heels, and do my nails regularly.  any of your suggestions are welcome.  thanks in advance!", "driving through to tennessee sunday afternoon, might as well shoot my shot and see if i can have some fun along the way!", "very fit and clean athletic wm here, hosting at my private gloryhole.  prefer guys similar to me, slim or fit, clean a must, ddf, masculine. im very much on the dl and happen to enjoy giving oral, lucky you!  no heavy guys, old guys or unclean, sorry. this is for today or we can set up another time as i can host randomly on weeknights, some days, weekends are actually best. this is a cum and go scenario, tho if we connect, im all about a reg set up! straight, bi and gay welcome. hit me up here or better yet a private pm. my oral skills are exceptional. :)p", "when does minus8 usually start his streams? (pacific standard time). i can never time when i can catch him streaming. i understand if he doesn't stream all the time, but i would like to know the general time that he actually does.", "28 years old with pics, pm your kik, age, location, etc.", "no faces please Jsummers532", "we are one of the **best professional bridal makeup artist in delhi ncr**, where our expert do proper makeup to bride, one of the **best makeup artist** vanshika chawla is also available there when our makeup artist experts are doing. in delhi ncr we are offering the best price of professional bridal makeup. for more information you must have to visit the site.  read more:-  [professional bridal makeup artist in delhi](http://brushup.co/course/)", "my girlfriend doesnt sexually satisfy me. shes too vanilla and now shes even too many states away. lets get kinky and trade gifs, pics, videos, stories, or even just talking dirty.  im into cheating, big tits, big asses, gangbangs, dildos, deepthroating, bdsm, and much more.  if this interests you pm me!", "this is not fake, and i am genuinely asking for advice on this post, as i am at a loss with how i feel. i'll get straight into it- i have very strong sexual feelings towards my mother, and i have had them since i was around 10, when i walked in on her naked. i'm 19 now. my mom also happens to be a model, doing explicit photoshoots sometimes, which i've stumbled upon and have found extremely attracting to me and impossible to get out of my head. as a child around 10, i also had slightly sexual relations w/ my stepsister, who was around the age of 7 and completely willing and wanting (we kept our clothes on). we were young, but this happened on quite a few instances and my mother is very attractive. i want to act on my feelings, as there's no one i care for or adore as much as i do her, but i'm not sure how to without causing trouble, or if i even should for that matter. thoughts?", "hey! add me on kik kmoreland551   give your asl +younger  + if vocal", "With so many people all looking for the same hard to stand not going to write a but be happy to get to know you and share more about myself central time profession and willing to give you all the attention a little shameless that lacking at I have a fairly wide range of interests and would like to get to know you and your If that sounds PM", "i'm just getting a nice edge jerk in to end my day. anyone care to join me? check my history for a couple teasers. if you're interested, send me your kik.", "add - hornyjaket", "drain my cock any way you can  kik: daddy cock01", "behave like you", "no nudes, yes i'm as disappointed as you are. but let's talk", "already ran across two bots and still want to know if this works down for anything but have to be real", "the title sums it up. i have a knack for showing my dick off today to any girl willing to see it. afterwards, you can do what you want with it. maybe you'd like to rate it? you want to hear what it could do to you? maybe we can develop a roleplay based on it and your kinks? whatever suits you, i'm up for it. pm if interested!  pd: verification will be asked, btw.", "Into assplay and cute kinda shy so not big on sharing moaning is fun", "[https://media.giphy.com/media/sggd5j9gsdjvgf7n7h/giphy.gif](https://media.giphy.com/media/sggd5j9gsdjvgf7n7h/giphy.gif)", "20 white male looking for a girl or sissy/bottom to have some fun with or make my long term sub. i am also looking for a pain slut. im into raceplay,bdsm and just about anything else! also looking for a pain sub! message me with what you want your limits, kinks and if you want long term! if you are intested message me for my kik!", "kik ty124\\ ", "i wish i had spidey-sense for my dick, so whenever something bad was about to happen, i'd get a boner. though i think this would mean i'd be very bad at sex.", "starting to grow tired of the search for this mystical perfect I gotten any offers in quite some honestly quite been heavily in the Pokemon mood lately but having trouble finding partners that are interested in actually doing nsfw themed Plot is cool and all sometimes I just like doing nsfw stuff I mean I like doing plot but it just gets annoying when the other insists on waiting super long for a smut just to not even reach it as the rp is brought to a I guess what trying to say is that looking for people be okay with doing a more smut heavy Pokemon rather than a plot rp that just abruptly ends the moment action so naturally you must be at least All characters are also at least I will still do plot nsfw stuff primarily searching People that honestly like doing both the way I do seem to be a rare Now Pokemon I really want to but I do have other You can see them And the all with possible And And for the Pokemon romances are purely no And I wish I have to say but looking for people who are into this long had issues where people just up and disappear before the rp even not even a think or lost so Please really tired of If you lose tell And for the I was thinking about doing an amalgram of Hoenn and The With Pokemon and girls from both available for use as my trainer OC travels the Any further details can be discussed via Basically a Or something based Pokemom If you know what that then you got the If wanting to message Other ideas consist of a Delta Ultra of Ultra darker and a Sinnoh where Team Galactic tries to reach Arceus rather than And I have much in the way of Only thing I touch is feel free to ask about anything And I am in the mood for if you want to sweeten the deal by offering up some of these gals then be most They necessary And accept any ideas for those fandoms too Ino Black Gwen Emma Frost Saints Viola Harley Quinn Mass Miranda Scooby Daphne Blake Total Heather Fiona Piper Red Dead Redemption Tracey Desanta Harry Fleur Ben Gwen Charmcaster Adventure Princess Bubblegum Any further questions can be asked via Message me if interested", "soooo..unfortunately uber eats won't deliver me some taco bell and after smoking a little too much weed and watching the stupid rolled chicken tacos commercial, i am dying for taco bell and lucky for you i'm willing to get naked to get it. so bring me some tacos and you'll be greeted by a very happy naked woman. well, maybe my socks because its cold. ;)  *i am in town for work at a hotel on hosmer and sharing a rental car with my boss, so midnight cravings for taco bell don't exactly justify knocking on his door to get the keys haha.", "the human", "hi, i'm looking for a guy to chat with and then meet up with for fun times. my interests are very broad, and i'm into quite a few things. i'm obviously an all bottom gurl if it comes to that. but lets chat first, and see where that goes.   kik me sissycopper", "i'm into giving head and getting topped. not into guys who are wanting their butt holes played with. sorry it is just not my thing. straight guys and married guys are way cool.  you be: 18 to 45. hwp. wanting a mouth or ass to fill up.  i can host over near northwest kerby lane. 183 and mcneil. i can travel if are not a million miles away.  i'm a big bearish white guy. 6 foot 1.   lemme know what you look like, what you are into, and where abouts you want this to happen. very open minded here.", "super horny, and up for trading anything, pics stories chats, with other teen girls. my kik is in bio. or just dm", "i know this is dirty snapchat but would like to someone to get to know a little and talk to on a daily basis. younger or older don't matter to me just be mature. i got alot of free time on my hands and sadly it's mostly at work so...i'm looking on here i'm about 6ft3 200lbs with a beard and a bunch of tattoos. most of my free time is spent hanging out with friends drinking beer playing a game or watching something funny.", "ask me about my feet scrapbook  i want to do a roleplay all about feet play, i want your cute toes in my mouth, around my cock and to cum all over them. the best part about feet play is we can be anywhere and do it.   so the scene can be anything you want, we can be friends, strangers, colleagues etc. other kinks can be included but feet would be the main one.   i know there are plenty of girls on reddit and a lot of them have fantastic feet so i'm hoping i'll find someone who wants to use their feet to please me today.   i'll reply to everyone who messages me and please bare with me on a reply as i am working today. i can't wait to roleplay.   all women are welcome and all ages so let's have some feet fun together.   my kik is black dahlia1996  <partner search>  i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18", "looking for someone who can help take my mind off of my work and help me cum. brits, bbws and sissys to the front of the queue. send your kik or ask for mine.", "a Executive who is available for an erotic lunch any day of the dead bedroom and looking for someone in the same or someone who at least desires the same If this intrigues please contact I have Kik as", "remember the", "anyone ever seen any buttplugs that have a devils tail in the end? im really wanting one", "6ft 3 tall black dude, big dick, seeking a shy innocent young straight guy, cum over let me give your a deep slippery body rub, lick your ass deep, suck you, make you suck me and shoot all over that booty. i can host in castro area or hit me up on kik: mr bignyc", "i'm in shape at 5'11\"/175, with a fairly average cock. i'm about to boot up some porn, and i'm looking for a fellow kinky person to chat with.  send me a pm with your age, kik, and what you're in to.", "looking to have hot, possibly long term and detailed, realistic roleplays with someone, involving gallons upon gallons of hot, runny, fresh sperm pumped straight from my cum swollen balls...  **some of my kinks:**  * breeding. specifically shooting a hot, runny load deep inside a pussy or ass, using it as lube and cumming inside over and over. * spraying a hot massive explosive load all over your tits and belly (huge loads) * throatjobs while in 69 and eating my cum out of your pussy for us to kiss with * kissing together with my hot sperm swirling between our warm wet tongues * bi play/mmf/ffm threesomes or group sex, multiple creampies/cumshots/cum sharing * banging in risky places  and more, thats just some.. pm if keen x", "send me anything to help get me off, i need to cum asap. hmu rdkp69", "basically it's a video with a white woman who's kind of trying to still do yoga while being fucked. definitely amateur and no idea where to find it! thanks!", "Hi lets chat and share PM for kik", "well, i'm tired of forcing myself to be \"the man\" in every relationship. dominant, confident, active... that's not me! so i've been wondering what it would be like to have someone with whom i could be the girl instead. don't get me wrong, i'm already a bit of an androgyne - long-haired, fully shaven, a butt i'm fairly proud of and a wardrobe that's been expanding - but there's something special, a certain headspace, that needs someone else to really happen. i don't mean rp, though i'm not necessarily looking for a relationship either. just some fun being taken across gender boundaries. ;)  &#x200b;  i'm very much willing to do pics or just chat, and i'm super kinky. love being trained, dominated, pushed around, as well as a fair bit of nastier stuff. so, what do you say? hit me up? <3  &#x200b;  xx", "&#x200b;  tough day. i need to take my frustration out on some holes.  feel free to check out my posts to /r/massivecock", "[https://gfycat.com/adventurouspolitechevrotain](https://gfycat.com/adventurouspolitechevrotain)  &#x200b;  thanks", "preferably tonight or tomorrow, i can host in manhattan. no need for reciprocation", "hey,  i have a big dick, but it doesn't mean that i only like to fuck. i like to lick pussy and ass well. who is down this weekend? you are married? that's fine. you are bbw? that's fine as well. let's fuck soon :)", "looking for a preferably a bit on the dominant that would want to watch me play with some and order me how to do Willing to send you whatever you is a taste of what you get to play Send me a", "show me while i fap. kik is joguy69", "lets video snap together and watch eachother cum sc gross114", "hey has anyone found any good finds from their mum, aunt, sis, friends mum etc. anything really. i'm horny and wanna wake up to some naughty things. preferably with a pic of the person they belong to however not vital.", "rate them both separately out of 10 please :)  https://i.redd.it/pr9gh1e9k7121.png  https://i.redd.it/830whyd9k7121.png  https://i.redd.it/659whvd9k7121.png  https://i.redd.it/mhk95vd9k7121.png  https://i.redd.it/n8e69wd9k7121.png", "add jonnywanks2ya", "hello stranger,  i'm just another fellow stranger redditor. if you are reading this, then that means you are just as curious and spontaneous as i am. to be honest, i just got out of a long-term relationship and just want to have some kinky, sexy, spontaneous fun.  honestly, i've never done this before, but i've read success stories and it seems so thrilling and it is something that i want to try. i'll be in san antonio next week, but will only be available on monday night (december 3) - i'll have a nice hotel room by the airport.   the thought of a stranger coming into my hotel during a business trip and i just eat them out is so exciting and invigorating. i would love to go down the elevator and make eye contact with you from across the lobby. then you can meet me in the elevator and we can tease and tempt each other on the way up to my room. i'd slowly start to undress you as we walk down the hallway and once we get in to the room and shut the door - well that you'll just have to wait and experience.   a little bit about me - i'm 23, 5'7, average weight - 175lbs. i'm clean, kind, and honest. i'm a working business professional and i'm looking for someone as spontaneous as me to come join me. i can come to you, i could host, or we can have some public fun. people say i'm a funny and witty person, so hopefully you'll enjoy your time with me with some good conversation also.   if you prefer, we could always meet up for a drink before and get to know each other and calm some nerves down or just keep it mysterious - up to you!  i'm down for any ages, race, and body type. all i care about is if your clean and kind - bonus if you are funny and can make me laugh! if you would like to reciprocate, then amazing. if not, then i will eat you out all night. if we go any further than oral, we must use protection for both of our safety!  anyways, i hope to hear from you soon! send me a dm and we can get to know each other and work out the details. lets make this success story happen!", "Hey any ladies want to a 34 year old dom male looking for a female to play with I have an assortment of toys to play with for anyone adventurous DM me to", "looking for sexting and exchanging with a sexy female :) pm me with your kik", "i'm a clean-cut, educated, sane white guy who is new to austin and looking for some fun with a stranger.  i'm not sure what else to put here, but send me a message and let's get down to business.", "as the title says really. i'm really into the idea of my boyfriend cucking me (note that he's reluctant to try it at all so this is all hypothetical at the moment) say on a night out or a hook up after class or whatever. just in general. it's probably one of my biggest kinks right now   problem is i struggle with jealousy and possessiveness to an extent so it's understandably a big no-no for my partner (there's other reasons he's hesitant but they're irrelevant to this post) anyone else been in the position where your personal issues completely disagree with the kink? if so, how did you work around it? i feel like a freak. any advice/tips for dealing with the everyday jealousy would be greatly appreciated too <3", "hello. i am 34 years old, around 6 ft 175 lbs, well educated with a solid career. i am playful and loving, but also take charge. i consider myself a cross between daddy and dom.  i am looking for a young, petite, virgin girl to spend my life with. i'm only interested in a girl in her teens or early twenties, around 5 ft 100 lbs, and is abstinent or at least virginal. marriage is on the table and i do want children in the future. write me if you're looking for something real.  location: virginia beach", "just looking to share texts,pics and maybe go live....just horny and want to end the night on a high!", "Roleplay involving leather tall boots on Specifics time fin I have a big con I want to be Type of Seller Looking For body Anybody in some tall leather Preferred Payment Open to Google Square", "your subreddits shit tbh and no one likes it and toxic community, either we switch over to [https://www.reddit.com/r/belle\\ delphine](https://www.reddit.com/r/belle delphine) or the mods on this subreddit give me mod and i make it a normal subreddit.  &#x200b;  (still join [https://www.reddit.com/r/belle\\ delphine](https://www.reddit.com/r/belle delphine) xd)", "its sucks that it has to be like this i'm sorry that you gotta take heat like this but you are not innocent so it has to be like this i want us to just be like friends but we can't cuz you refuse to see my end i'm not trying to go through fights like this or nights like this to be frank i'm not really trying to even write like this you know this is about you, so you can go ahead and comment but don't be surprised if i ignore all your nonsense i don't have the time to for you if you cant truly be honest miss me with all your false shit you listen to the gossip but its all talkin you gotta stop it or you'll always be in your current position hoping for someone to listen then you wonder why things aren't different i can't listen to all this simpin don't tell me that i'm trippin you see this is everyones decision put yourself in our shoes, i tell you time and time again but it seems you can't receive the message i'm trying to send i'm not the only one keeping it real with you i'm not the only one who deals with you but we all saying the same thing  now you tell me what you think it means...", "looking for a girl who wants to do naughty assignments. assignment will consist of videos you have to recreate. you can also send me assignments back.  if interested add dbaker580 on snapchat and we can talk more.", "chas wick14 live+", "Add me at Got looking for dom tops AND sub I can be verbal Open to or small groups of Please be in and with good quality mic", "hello ladies i am a married man looking for a woman who is missing that spark in there life like i am. i am happy with my marriage just missing that emotional and physical attention anymore. i want to get those butterflies i used to get when i read your message after a long day at work or wake up to that good morning message. about me i am 5'10 very sweet and very funny guy who is caring and not the jealous or clingy type of person. i am great at holding very deep conversations and also very attractive. about you i am into curvy gals and redheads but i am not really picky. i enjoy going to concerts and seeing new movies and staying active with sports. if you are thinking about making that jump then give me a chance and if you like what you have read send me a message and let's see if can hit things off!", "looking to go to rabb.it or even just cam.  black or brown subs get first pick to worship this white cock. get on cam and show off your body for daddy and cum while i stroke my big cock. i prefer a fem little bitch that wants to fill his ass, but if you just want to stroke and cum for daddy while calling me master that will be fun too.  big plus if you have toys, like anal, and really big plus if you like gagging, puking, and piss  you need to be willing to get on mic, i prefer both cam and mic. no need for full face but i do want to see you gag.  no limits at all.", "jdane430", "any and all suggestions are appreciated. thank you.", "one of our mods is currently making a discord server. would you guys be interested!", "hello there!  &#x200b;  my name is aiden, and i am a 19 years old male from israel (idt)  &#x200b;  all participants and characters must be 18+  &#x200b;  i want to do a roleplay, where i play as an 21 years old male. basically, you move to live in the house next to me. since i am in college, i won't know about you being my neighbour yet. we will meet eachother either from the housewarming party, or just by accident. we slowly fall in love, but we will have to keep the relationship as a secret just to keep both of us safe from any hate or judgement  &#x200b;  my only request is for you to play as a youtuber from my list  &#x200b;  i have only three rules that you have to follow:  &#x200b;  \\-no anime  \\-only third person  \\-don't control my character  &#x200b;  here's the list of youtubers that you can play as-  \\- amanda cerny  \\- andrea russett  \\- ashleymarieegaming  \\- courtney miller (smosh)  \\- dodger  \\- ericka bozeman (smosh games)  \\- ihascupquake  \\- jessica nigri  \\- mari takahashi (smosh games)  \\- omgitsfirefoxx  \\- rosanna pansino  \\- vanessa merrell  \\- veronica merrell  \\- zoella  \\- and more! (i'm open for suggestions)  &#x200b;  if you are intersted, message me on my kik mrlynchtel  &#x200b;  hope to see you soon!", "looking to be sucked and maybe return the favor", "hello everybody,  i am currently looking for a long term role-play partner. i prefer something that is extremely nsfw and includes some of the darker kinks. things like slavery, incest, ageplay, collars, pet play, humiliation, discipline, pain of all kinds, anal, torture, snuff, water sports, all the way through, bulges, size difference etc  i am fine with something that is sci-fi, fantasy or modern based. we can create an alternate society to fit our needs or just fit ourselves into modern life.  i don't currently have a specific roleplay in mind but if you want to brainstorm some with me then feel free to message me and let me know.  i hope to hear from you soon.", "Bored and looking for Roommates are gone for the week and Send me pics guys down for ANYTHING NO body type and age dont matter just be open for Love a guy with a nice hot ass whose not afraid to show it off Kik me dirtygirlnessa94", "hardx69x", "drewxxl", "well, do you? you know the type i mean - big, white, comes in a multipack. if you've still got them in your drawer, i wanna hear allllll about it. don't be shy!", "tell me what youre into and lets have some fun. i love threesomes, foursomes, couple swaps, interracial, small boobs but very open", "i've got the afternoon alone to myself. i just got out of the shower and i'm lying here nude, ready to get dirty again.  so if your searching for a chubby, bi sub to use look no further. i want to see what you guys are packing and i want to help get those monster cocks off. the kinkier the better as well, my only limits are watersports and pain/blood. so message me your kik and let's get naughty!", "my dick stays hard and never lets me sleep, the only medication is your lips and the pharmacy is all out, please help?  will host or travel   will happily reciprocate  6'1, 190, white  pm to learn more ;)   &#x200b;", "Looking for great open to returning the Cannot For more info or pics pm", "i am 18+ and all characters are 18+ i wanna do a roleplay with a pretty simple starting premise. you're a huge black guy (around 7 feet tall, super muscular and with a cock well over the size of a ruler) and i'm a young white girl. you come across an interesting drug on the dark web: it's an injection that claims to make the injected person into a 'barbie.' you acquire it, and decide to use it on me, for any number of reasons. the effects are instant and permanent: the results are instant and permanent: i'm shrunken down to 4'6 with massive g cup breasts and a huge, perfect bubble butt. in addition, all the hair not on my head vaporizes, my waist becomes tiny, my skin becomes tan and flawless, my hair becomes platinum blonde and goes down to my ass, and my lips become large, pink and supple. finally, i become very dumb, naive, gullible and extremely slutty. from there you can do any number of things to me:  change up my wardrobe, get me tattoos/piercings, show me off in public, share me with your friends/animals, melt my mind even more, dye my hair, get me surgery, get me pregnant, make me go to school, change my diet, convince me of total bullshit 'facts,' make me do a lot more drugs (including more experimental ones), etc. the options are endless! my kinks include: degradation, wardrobe control, humiliation, tattoos/brandings, wedgies, spankings, you being very dominant, pet play, body fluids, size differences, ageplay, giant cocks and transformation.  i thought of some possible roles we could have for this rp, they are: stepdad/daughter principal/student prison guard/prisoner football player/cheer leader rapper/groupie  pimp/prostitute  if you have an idea don't be afraid to share it! these are just examples. my kik is kinkierashleyrp, feel free to message me so that we can discuss this and play!   p.s: if you're into hardcore degradation/dehumanization, let me know. it's not a requirement but i have a few ideas we could play around with", "to say today was interesting would be an understatement. lost the tip of my finger to a rogue knife, several interviews, and sexual frustration. it's been a few days since i last came, and i feel that's the only way i'll be sure tomorrow won't suck like today. so if you like thick cocks, dirty chat, and married guys, shoot me a message and let's cum together. oh, and you have to enjoy dad jokes.", "vr \"adult content\" is just like watching netflix right? would the 6 dof of the rift make any difference?", "**mrkt cntr blvd & i-35 (dallas design district)**  let's make this super easy. no small talk, no recip, no bs. walk in, watch porn, get sucked off and bounce.   unload wherever you want. my face, down my throat, in my hair - you don't need to ask permission.   looking for white and hispanic guys who're freshly showered, drug and disease free, at least somewhat hwp, sane and able to get it up and off in under 20 minutes - not looking for any marathon sessions.   me: white, ddf, blond, blue, 6'2\", 245, 7c, clean, clean-cut, and super cock-hungry.   hmu with your info and stats.", "hi there! i'm a 19 year old white male, blonde with blue eyes, 6ft tall, uncut, and looking for chat/rp/sexting, hopefully fwb. i like to talk about what makes us tick, what we fall for, how we like it... i'm interested in experiencing how's it like with a more experienced woman, perhaps a cougar or a milf, to help you release sexual tension or just remind you the stamina that a younger guy can provide you.  i'm a university student right now, i love computers, geeky stuff, playing guitar and meeting people.  don't be shy, i don't mind age or looks as long as you keep the conversation interesting. i'm open to a lot of stuff, ask me anything!  go ahead and send me a pm with your age, and something about yourself if you're interested!  if you're curious about what do i look like: https://imgur.com/a/is99raj", "I am currently deployed to Been feeling pretty lonely lately and looking for a pen pal of I work out daily but I have rock hard a medic in the army national fire fighter back and a huge gamer just looking for someone to flirt with and send gym selfies a bit of a smart ass and enjoy talking shit and being shit", "my request is pretty simple and straightforward: i eat you and you get eaten. looking for a ravishing dessert, and i get hungry a few times a week. i also love to smoke pot, and am more than happy to share this activity with you.    i'm 30 years, 5'10\" tall, treat my body like a temple, and got a tongue. send me a pm and we'll chat", "just a college student looking to unwind. anyone up to chat? pm me your kik!", "[verification](https://i.imgur.com/4glhykg.jpg) and [other non-dick pic](https://i.imgur.com/vljyyew.jpg)   i'm visiting los angeles and looking to have some mutual fun with the right girl. i'm more than happy to reciprocate ([see my other post for my take on muff diving](https://www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/comments/a1eh8y/27 m4f losangeles next week only/)) or do other fun bedroom things.  **logistics**: i will be in l.a. from **december 6th - 9th** and am able to meet up at any time during those four days. i can likely host at my airbnb in santa monica during the day on the 6th and 7th, or i could get a more private hotel room at any time.  **you**: ddf (test results preferred, and marijuana okay), relatively height/weight proportional, 18-35 years old, and female. bonus points if you enjoy cum in any way, as that really gets me going.  **me**: ddf (with very recent test results), 6'1\" tall, 185 lbs, and well-groomed downstairs. i have a kik, so we can talk there if you'd prefer. i'm not attached to my beard, so i'm happy to shave it (or you can shave it if you think that'd be fun). i'm open to hanging out for more of my stay if we click, especially if you care to show me the best taco spots.", "eclearwater92", "need a sir to give me strict training and feminization (in person. and online).  ultimately would love tpe 24/7 with the right dom.  open to ordering clothes and toys to train, humiliate and punish myself.  5'7 140 lbs so i'm already at least a twink", "test", "hi,  i've recently discovered that i am into ballbusting and my girlfriend is open minded to it, she doesn't really enjoy doing it but she is happy to please me. can you think of anyways i could integrate it while having it interesting for her. eg having a system like if you make me use safeword in x amount of time you get x thing. as usually she is the sub in the relationship. tldr; how do i make busting mutually fun?", "been studying all day, and would love to have some horny fun to blow some stress away. hit me up ladies, you won't regret it!", "looking for someone older who can facefuck me on friday.  i'm into light bondage as well.  message me stats if ur interested ;)  must be ddf and able to host!", "I am 42 years old attached man good looking with a nice strong muscular I need some in a relationship that fulfill We have the same xxx drive and adventurous with a high sex My kids means the world to me and I want to change my just add some so discretion is a 6 feet 195lbs with a nice cut 7 inches cock with a fat washroom Clean DDF well traveled and I have an very respectful patient and not pushy and fun to be I am looking for a nice clean and smart woman all for Conventional Open to Oral Sex Sensual Cuddling I can have a had stiff erection for I have been with women that they can handle this but in reality they I would like to find a woman who really can handle I have pictures to trade if you are really", "so myself (21m as of the past weekend) and girlfriend (18f) have been together for 2.5 years. we have a really understanding relationship in the sense that we have the occasional 3 way (4 in total). we have agreed that it will never involve another guy just girls because im not comfortable having some other guy inside her, and she completely understood.  lately, over the past 2-3 months she has rarely been hanging out with me and just going out with her two \"girlfriends\" which are both gay and i have had 0 issues with it, except for the fact it seems she always puts them before me... always hanging out with them 4+ days a week and with hers and mine work schedule we can only see eachother for a max of 2ish hours a day durring the week and instead of seeing me she leaves to see them. with that being said we have had barely any sexual interactions between the two of us, maybe twice every week for the past couple months she has hung out with them (this is odd because we used to have sex almost daily).  keep in mind i have told her i dont mind her kissing other girls when im not around as long as i am informed she is going to do so.  this last weekend i went to vegas for my 21st birthday. we have had sex one time in the last 2 weeks and she never seems interested in kissing me at all, i almost have to beg just to makeout... the day i leave she invites her one gay friend over, which is not uncommon she comes over frequently, however they end up making out all night and cover eachother in hickeys, but just 2 hours before (when i left) she wouldnt even make out with me so im sure how you could see that would upset me a little bit. i voiced my oppinion and told her no more girls, i wasnt mad just it was wrong to pick someone else over me. she agreed.  the following day she goes to a party and makes out with the other one. so of course i was quite upset at that point seeing as how i leave town and shes all over these girls. so again i tell her no more anything with girls, our whole \"swinger\" type phase is over and i just want the 2 of us. she agrees and says thats okay.  fast forward to the next day, the day i come home. her car breaks down and she needs her friend to drive her to work (the first one, ive also never liked this one since i have met her but put up with it for the sake of their friendship). i told her i was not comfortable since everything that has happend. she tells me i need to trust her she wont do anything. so i give in and say okay, she goes and hangs out for 2 hours then goes to work.  i come home that night and we had been arguing a decent amount all weekend and had a good discussion about it and i was starting to feel better. we then go to sleep but i had a weird feeling so i decide to check her phone while she sleeps... something i have never done. i go through her messages with the first one to find out she has pictures of her grabbing my girlfriends ass and when she \"hungout\" before work she actually went to her house to cuddle... that broke me. completely. i went into friends #2 messages to see they have been flirting constantly while i have been gone. calling her cute nicknames, things i dont even get called.  after reading what i did i decide to wake her up to discuss my feelings. tears in my eyes and shaking i wake her up and tell her that im disgusted in what she did considering she told me to trust her and i gave in to have that broken. i then inform her that i do not want her to have any contact with friend #1 anymore as i never liked her in the first place and they have destroyed my trust. of course this didnt go over well. she starts getting mad and saying its my fault because i made her upset all weekend and she needed to feel happy again and cuddling her made her happy. i inform her of how i dont care and its either myself or her friend and she needs to cut off all contact and seeing her.  the next day she tells her friend everything ive said and she says her goodbyes. however since then (2 days) she has been constantly asking me when she can see her again.   tldr: girlfriend hooksup with freinds after telling me to trust her and i tell her no more hanging out with her.  i am honestly unsure of what to do at this point. the last 2.5 years have been great and i dont want to just throw that away. of course we had our occassional fights but nothing to this extent. is it worth my effort anymore?  originally posted to r/amitheasshole but i think i also need some pointers....", "it was up on ph a while ago and the only place u can find it is her site.", "hi! my name is chris im 21 and i live in california and i am looking for a rp partner to do a scenario with i dont care if you are male or female so long as you rp as a futa  my kinks include but are not limited to  light bdsm, forced feminization, excessive cum, cum inflation, rape, incest, age play (done by adults of course) and some beastiality  as you could probably tell from the kinks above i am more of a bottom.  now my limits include  gore, thats it like i said im pretty open.  some scenarios i thought of could be, mother on son) something about teaching him about the wonders of sex idk a whole prison scenario) maybe i get thrown into a futa prison by mistake or something, you can choose to play multiple or just one idc teacher on student or on multiple students) maybe failing a test would result in the futa teacher fucking you   my kik is the same as my reddit feel free to msg me there or on reddit im not picky", "a sunny day seeps through the gap in the curtains into our bedroom as i cuddle against your back. half asleep i pull your limp body closer to mine, my hand resting between your breasts. i need to feel your incredible warmth. \"my little love\", i lightly kiss the back of your neck. i need more of your warmth. slowly, careful not to wake you up i brush the palm of my hand over down your tummy and pelvis.   *that pleasing anticipation before i cup your soft mound with my hand, my middle finger slightly pushed between your labia*   a sigh of content against your neck as my hand inches across your trimmed pubes.   my fingertipps are touching something. weird. you weren't using a liner when we went to bed. no, no way. you aren't even wearing panties. it is soft, smooth. warm. really nice to the touch. my fingertipps start exploring further.   *really weird...*    *like it was a flaccid penis*   i take it in my hand, squeeze it lightly.   lol   *definitely feels like one*   i move my hand towards your body, trying to pull back what then has to be foreskin.   *ok, no doubt*   i run my thumb over the tip and the skin there sure is even softer. and there's that little orifice. sure. i mean. i *do* know that feel, right?   *fuck! me! is this the next level of your signature pranks? i told you a thousand times, i'm too old for this shit*   i lift my head, watch you. you're still asleep. angelic.   my head drops to the pillow, still holding you. i squeeze it one more time. yes, still there, still a prick. a limp one, but a prick nontheless.   *this can't be real!*   my fingertipps feel their way further down where the skin gets even softer. i reach farther, curl my fingers around it. the skin is soooooo smooth...   *of course...*   and i lift them: a pair of heavy balls against my palm.   *what were you expecting? a cock without a scrotum? idiot!*   i lift my head again. you're still fast asleep, with that faint smile. still angelic.   *please, no!*   looking at you i realise i'm gently rocking your balls in my hand as if they were mine. worse: i realise i'm getting hard against the cleavage of your buttocks.   \"jesus!\", i shake my head as if this could make it go away. or at least awake me from this nightmare. i reach further down and phew, still there. trying to find some comfort, i firmly press my palm against it.               you get the point.   you, my impish girlfriend, have grown a prick over night and i, although (probably much) older than you, have never experienced something like this before. what about you? were you aware of or even planning this? are you as shocked as i am? do you know how to operate your newly grown organ? how does it feel to you? it's up to you.            &nbsp;    obviously this would circle around this morning, but i'm open for a goofy longterm rp should we klick.   take your time, be elaborate. no need to rush things.   hard limits: underage. scat. blood. vomit. severe pain. impreg. noncon. clumsy humiliation (be it physically or mentally). oh, and throatfucking (yes, seriously).", "i'm not sure if i'm straight but i don't care i just want to destroy a sissys ass with my cock. kik: c mill 27", "i am already hard as rock, but i am looking for special kinky stuff, young teens selfies and videos, hidden cams etc.", "i'm looking for a woman (18+) who needs to get off, specifically someone who loves getting detailed instructions.  i love to control all aspects of the play from what you wear, your position, and how you play. i like to edge you a lot so plenty of available playtime is preferable... plus i like to get creative.  i will give public tasks if you like that but you should be prepared to cum in public.  i'm interested as long as this is posted. if you're interested shoot me a message and we can go from there.  can't wait to get some lovely ladies off!", "30 year old white guy looking to c2c with other Ages Asian a plus", "theride195", "i'm sorry man. i really am. i don't know exactly how things came to this...haha. and i'm sorry that you have absolutely no power to stop it...  but on second thought...nevermind. i'm not sorry at all. actually, i'm pretty ecstatic. and i do know how it came to this. you're kind of pathetic...and it turns out...your mom's kind of a slut. who knew? and who knew she could be so naughty?  your mom. what is she if she's not a milf?  count yourself lucky. you're going go get go watch. every second.  see me undress her...squeeze her ass, play with her tits...and then watch me stuff my big cock in your mommy's tight pussy.", "hello! i'm melody and i need some saucy rp in my life! i have a female and two males who would love some action. i am welcoming both males and females (no futas) of all species to come and rp some plots i made up!   &#x200b;  \\*my characters\\*   \\-note- all these characters have furry and human versions. i prefer you tell me which versions you want upon replying to this post on kik  &#x200b;  melody: \\[sub}  a shy bookworm of a girl who loves music and cooking. at first she may seem quiet and reserved, but deep down, she longs for that special someone to love and cuddle with. you may also find that she also is quite the ideal mother for any children you may want to have.  &#x200b;  chris: \\[dom\\] an intelligent man of elegant taste. he's the kind of guy who always gets what he wants, even if he has to work for it a bit. he's a charming gentleman in the public eye, but behind closed doors... well, that's for you to judge.  &#x200b;  skye: \\[sub\\] skye is a small male who grew up more interested in video gaming and cartoons rather than sports. he's a bit on the awkward side, but he has a kind heart and all it would take is a little push to bring out his loving side.  &#x200b;  \\*plots\\*  \\-note- each plot is designed to account for f/m, m/m, and f/f pairings and are meant to go long term.  &#x200b;  \\-life in the 'burbs-  our two love birds have just gotten home from their honeymoon. they got a decently sized home in a suburban neighborhood and have their whole lives ahead of them. basically, this is a nice little slice of life plot. we can add crazy neighbors, try for children, go on hectic adventures. i'd like to think it was inspired by the comic \"original life\" by jay naylor.  &#x200b;  \\-the furry furry west-  the industrial revolution is at its peak, yet much of the west remains an untamed mistress. are you an outlaw or a sheriff? maybe you're just a salesman trying to get a quick buck. whatever your story is, our characters paths would eventually cross and only time will tell what happens then. because anything goes out here in the wild west.  &#x200b;  \\-i should have stayed with the tour group-  \\[insert sub character here\\] was on an exhibition with a group, exploring the depths of a jungle/forest that has yet to be untouched by civilization. unfortunately, he/she strays off the path and into a trap! he/she is eventually is cut down by a couple of savages from \\[insert dom character here\\]'s tribe. when \\[dom\\] sees \\[sub\\], he/she commands that \\[sub\\] must stay to breed with him/her.  &#x200b;  if you want simpler scenes, i have some of those too, just ask! my kik is melody.loves.music and the password is \"apple\"  &#x200b;  please be literate  please be 18 or older  no irl profile pics  no asking for irl pics  hope to see you soon!", "bbc, 24, fit, looking to skype. message me", "hey all,   i'm 18+ looking for others who are 18+. all characters are 18+  i'm looking to play out any type of scenario.  the only limit i have is against abuse.   this rp can be a short/longterm and can include irl characters and/or fantasy characters. ref. pics are encouraged and i will be providing some as well, depending on the scenario! (i may be playing a boyfriend character as well to add some fun diversity, but will mostly be playing female)   a few kinks: threesomes/foursomes, oral, bi-curious (m and f characters) masterbation, watching, cheating, wetness, etc.  please don't be afraid to share your ideas!   we will be creating a scenario that can satisfy us both!  maybe we share/swap partners ? or maybe we're two friends who can never be together but are fwb?  kik:purerpfun", "sissy virgins welcome. looking for a boyish jock preferably short and small-dicked. want to turn you into my own pussy girl and humiliate how wet you get from your clitty cock when i tease you about licking a hung dick. going to force you to steal your sister or mom's panties and tell me all your fantasies about being used by a cock. experienced dom and no shame. 100% privacy and turns me on to break sissy boy virgins.  into humiliation, dirty talk, dom/sub, punishment and pain, and degradation and feminization. hmu", "hello -- i am looking for literate rp. i want someone who can form a sentence. i'm looking for someone to play a beast or monster, the bigger the better.   kinks: beast, monster, horse cock, canine cock, large cock, cum, breeding, impregnation, tentacles, rough, noncon/dubcon, ovipositor, alien, stretching, egg laying   limits: gore, vore, death, toilet play   message me for my kik. please say more than \"hi\". let me know what you want to play and if you have a reference for your character.  i am 18+ and all characters must be 18+.", "I am very horny right now and want to so if you would like to have fun just hit me very open minded so just tell me what you would like to", "come join the fun and get off with me. i promise you'll have fun. message me your kik if interested", "hey just a hung bull looking for any cucks that want to show off their girls naked and hear how i would handle them. pm for kik", "kik/sc: cthurlan  horny college guy here stroking and edging.  if you're in the bay area in ca, hmu and let's fuck. kik/sc: cthurlan", "do you have an extreme cock and massive cum fetish? please tell me about it. i'd love to craft a chat or rp about bigger and bigger cocks impaling your tiny body until you are nothing but a cocksleeve. how much cum could you take as you inflate like a too-tight balloon? would you leak all that jizz onto the floor or would you pop, spraying cum all over the walls? if you're into kinky shit and don't have too many limits, come play and cum.", "just woke up and looking to have some fun before i have to roll out of bed. looking to snap/trade, send me something and lets have some fun!  &#x200b;  do not send me dick pics, i will block you.  &#x200b;  sc is craig.bisub", "hello there!  &#x200b;  my name is aiden, and i am a 19 years old male from israel (idt)  &#x200b;  all participants and characters must be 18+  &#x200b;  i want to do a roleplay, where i play as an 18 years old male. basically, you move to live in the house next to me. we will meet eachother either from the housewarming party, or just by accident. we slowly fall in love, but keep it as a friends with benefits  &#x200b;  this plot is sexual  &#x200b;  &#x200b;  my only request is for you to play as a youtuber from my list  &#x200b;  i have only three rules that you have to follow:  &#x200b;  \\-no anime  \\-only third person  \\-don't control my character  &#x200b;  here's the list of youtubers that you can play as-  \\- amanda cerny  \\- andrea russett  \\- ashleymarieegaming  \\- courtney miller (smosh)  \\- dodger  \\- ericka bozeman (smosh games)  \\- ihascupquake  \\- jessica nigri  \\- mari takahashi (smosh games)  \\- omgitsfirefoxx  \\- rosanna pansino  \\- vanessa merrell  \\- veronica merrell  \\- zoella  \\- and more! (i'm open for suggestions)  &#x200b;  my kik is mrlynchtel  &#x200b;  \\- males play as females please  &#x200b;  [kinks](https://i.imgur.com/fwgvden.png)  &#x200b;  hope to see you soon!", "[https://lets.rabb.it/pcncidfies](https://lets.rabb.it/pcncidfies)", "Type 3 things like to see and include your my limits are scat blood and pick the most interesting ones and have some fun", "hey i have a day off from class today ( thank my professor) so if you want to have me at your feet today, begging for you to just look at me and enjoy your company feel free to me a line :)  pics, kik, any kind of info you're wanting to give me would be awesome :p", "hi guys! i'd love to talk to guys about your peeing practices. i especially have a thing for guys peeing in inappropriate places that aren't a toilet. where have you peed? ever get caught or seen? used peeing as revenge? if so, how? i'd like to hear from you. bye now!", "looking for some fun!", "it's true, i have a huge mommy kink. there is something about the whole thing that just makes me lose control. it makes my heart pound and my cock throb uncontrollably. thinking about a woman servicing me as i mutter those oh so taboo words... \"mmmm oh thank you mommy, suck my cock...\". knowing that when i look down to her face that she will be smiling back up at me, enjoying it just as much as me, even joining in with the fun herself.  i am fine with either roleplay or a dirty chat, i find that both can be quite exhilarating with this topic. i just need someone to explore this wonderfully taboo and fun kink with me...  as you can probably guess, i can be quite a naughty boy and i love all kinds of filthy things and would love try all things naughty with you! kinks: blowjobs, anal, spanking, rimming, face sitting, breast feeding, dirty talk, mommy calling, incest, taboo, public play, big ass, tit fucking, sloppy oral, lots of cum and women who love cum!", "how does the logistics work? are you afreiand that people from work will find out? future job prospects? friends and family?   &#x200b;  i am just very interested in this topic", "hello all,       we are an active kik group, looking for new members. we already have a decent female quota but we would like to add one or two more. we chat and get naked, have daily themes or games to get the conversation ball rolling. the group is about 24h admined (+/- 3h) and dick pic floods do not happen.       if you are interested in joining, pm with general information to yourself so i can get back to you in case i think you are a good fit.       you must be willing to verify with a live face pic for the admins.       cheers!       rules:       \\* be 21 and older       \\* don't be a jerk!       \\* pms are allowed but no means no       \\* no shaming of any kind       \\* pictures of other people only after verification       ps: this is not a trading group. everybody can share pics if they feel like it, no one has to.", "this post is open still- i will take it down when am done for the day!)  disclaimer: i have posted this a few times! but because im not being the most original person in the world....here are some pics of hotties so you know what i like ;) the post continues below the pics ;)  http://outfitideashq.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/sexy-asian-girl-look-outfit-idea-5.jpg  https://i.redd.it/cq4eah0jbi021.jpg  go on. show me her. the girl you wish was your step daughter. ideally one looking cute and one with a lovely load of cum on her pretty little face or tits. or wearing the bikini she used to tease you in.  it is one of those things that i cant stop thinking about. my step dad unloaded on my face and tits many, many times. i preferred it on the tits, cos then i didnt have to blink and i could look at his face while he did it.  it started with weekd of me teasing him with some tight fitting clothes and progressed to me wearing my bikini top and putting sunscreen on in front of him. then i began sunbathing topless in the garden when i knew he was scheduled to come home early from work...he never announced he was home, he would sit in his office that overlooked our pool, i could tell he was there.  i am a fairly well endowed young lady, nothing enormous but definitely not petite...so i want to play people who look like they could be me ;)  heres a pic for you to enjoy.. http://imgur.com/h3cm4yp  http://imgur.com/4efxiot and here is one of me, (yes its really me and no i dont have to prove it!!)", "Fit and good looking guys hmu with LukeJay1997 if in SoCal", "if your height is close to 5-7 to 5-9 without heels (i'm 5-11), you wear panties and cage your clit, live within an hour of chester and are looking for long term romance rather than a casual screw, want the excitement of a kinky relationship (including mutually planned projects that may include holidays when you can live as a girl for a few days at a time when you're in the mood for something special), or just the loving support of your own softer dom when we're enjoying special time together, who will feminise and train you as you prepare for your new life, then this personal ad might be of interest.  i've had a great technical career (i mention this in relation to training, lots of fun of course but it needs detail to work well), i look younger than my actual age although currently chubby needing to get motivated to get fit again, taken early redundancy and relocated close to chester, looking to help and kind of create a very special local friend that wants to join me in living life with greater personal satisfaction. check my profile and have a laugh at the length of my first post but it does have a few more useful details.  pm me, if needed we can establish your comfort zone beyond normal decent people getting together, i'm flexible on most stuff but i do need you to feel cute in terms of your height, i believe stuff should be consensual working towards a very relaxed and comfortable relationship, we can do some internet chats, meet up safely in town for a coffee and chat and only get more personal when you're totally happy.", "pm me :)", "must be able to verify. guy with a thick cock and petite asian girl looking for another girl to chat", "hey there. as you can see i really wanna do a facial or bukkake rp where me (or other guys aswell) is painting your beautiful face white, seeing you smiling and maybe begging for more.  basically we would be friends with benefits and we ask the partner if we want to try a new thing. this time you ask me if i can give you a facial or even a bukkake party.  alternate idea would be that i stay at my friends home and his mom comes into his room where i am alone. she really wants to relieve me because my friend went out to fuck a chick.  i hope you wanna do one of this and message me if you are interested. kik: roqrowski", "[https://imgur.com/cfbld0f](https://imgur.com/cfbld0f)", "been on and off with my partner from the first post in my but and pre I am a been attracted to her since before I knew she was but mostly romantically and Sex has been very hard for both of And really not having a penis the that she only came out to me still presents as and led to us adopting this heteronormative relationship dynamic that is uncomfortable for both of I love not going to pressure her into anything not comfortable trying to be a good and I am of course extremely But this has consistently caused tension between us from before we even had language for and I feel like expressing this to her would be dysphoria if not Does anyone have any experience or a well intentioned ignorant sorry if this is insensitive", "loser cums for the bigger and has to worship the bigger cock. ++ if you have gf pics. dc: dirtyathlete808", "i can't really think of a subtle way to say that i really want to give an older woman a great time. i have a fwb who is my age and i've had great sex in the past too but remembering one (fairly average) time with a single mum a few years older than me still drives me crazy.  i want someone older than me, i don't have any specific expectations but i'd be so turned on even by exchanging messages/photos... though mainly i'd love to meet.  message me and you'll probably get what exactly you're looking for out of this", "i'm 5'11, athletic build, dark hair with blue eyes. consider myself good looking. i'm looking to find n adventurous attached woman for discreet steamy conversations and teasing online. i f all goes well maybe we can make the fantasy a reality. i'm very well spoken and well read and expect someone similar.   &#x200b;  please pm me your snapchat username and  and a short description of yourself. my username is my reddit avatar so go ahead and add me if you want and say \"hi\"!", "hairy, avg.   into verbal and live. be 18+    sc: dshort9669", "please be over 25. it's a group for mutual support, tips, banter, etc. not looking for pic swappers.   pm me your kik id!", "i would like to talking about that....  since i was kid... i peeling at mom's sex with her boyfriends, neighbors(including cousin, my friends father.....) and step-father...  i understand my mom because of my mom want to find father for me....  however....  since i was 22.....   i have been sex with my mom about 18 yrs.....", "i wanna do a roleplay with a pretty simple starting premise. you're a huge black guy (around 7 feet tall, super muscular and with a cock well over the size of a ruler) and i'm a young white girl. you come across an interesting drug on the dark web: it's an injection that claims to make the injected person into a 'barbie.' you acquire it, and decide to use it on me, for any number of reasons. the effects are instant and permanent: the results are instant and permanent: i'm shrunken down to 4'6 with massive g cup breasts and a huge, perfect bubble butt. in addition, all the hair not on my head vaporizes, my waist becomes tiny, my skin becomes tan and flawless, my hair becomes platinum blonde and goes down to my ass, and my lips become large, pink and supple. finally, i become very dumb, naive, gullible and extremely slutty. from there you can do any number of things to me:  change up my wardrobe, get me tattoos/piercings, show me off in public, share me with your friends/animals, melt my mind even more, dye my hair, get me surgery, get me pregnant, make me go to school, change my diet, convince me of total bullshit 'facts,' make me do a lot more drugs (including more experimental ones), etc. the options are endless! my kinks include: degradation, wardrobe control, humiliation, tattoos/brandings, wedgies, spankings, you being very dominant, pet play, body fluids, size differences, ageplay, giant cocks and transformation.  i thought of some possible roles we could have for this rp, they are: stepdad/daughter principal/student prison guard/prisoner football player/cheer leader rapper/groupie  pimp/prostitute  if you have an idea don't be afraid to share it! these are just examples. my kik is kinkierashleyrp, feel free to message me so that we can discuss this and play!   p.s: if you're into hardcore degradation/dehumanization, let me know. it's not a requirement but i have a few ideas we could play around with", "Looking for a sub or cuck to let me use the girls in his I want year old girls and ideally some proof that not just insta DM with your", "you know you are a cock hungry whore so come worship my cock and tell me what you want to do to it.", "would love to get joi from you possibly finishing with a tribute of your pic. love sending pics and vids during too so pm me asking for my kik/snap", "the title says it all are you sexually frustrated?   do you have unfulfilled desires?  not getting anything from your significant other?    or do you have fantasies you've never lived out?   what you need is a playmate.  someone who can help you blow off some steam and relax. someone who is open minded and ready to pamper you or treat you like the whore you really are.   if this sounds like something you're interested in then message me and we can chat about it.  all women are welcome,  age,  race and marital status mean nothing to me but be happy in the fact that i'm discreet.     tell me your favourite kink in the subject", "i could give you a blowjob while you watch porn or 420 on the dl. clean and discreet here. can host and travel in culver city. pm me if interested!", "stan685836342", "title says it all. hit me up and let's chat about this and whatever else turns us on.", "i'm down to trade my girl or my friends girl for pictures of your girlfriend or wife! no limits and i also love sisters and daughters;) \"nolimitstryme\"", "Any girl want to swap oral at any Planet Fitness locker room steamy Could be total strangers and keep it like that if you Whatever you Or if you have a or can I want hot shower a discrete clean girl I can send pics as well I have a natural beautiful body clean wanting pleasure and ready to please Free today only", "i'm very wet and i want to cum!  rules are simple. you find me in kik. how u can do this? my reddit name is same in kik.   than u send me ur nudes in kik and then i reply to u!  are u ready? lets start my dirty and horny new friends.   &#x200b;", "i've seen gifs of it float around reddit, i can't seem to locate any. professional quality video.", "hello there,  i'm guessing this is a long shot, but i am hoping to find a sexy, fun goth/witchy girl that would love to have a long term penpal.  hard to fully describe what i am looking for in this post, but feel free to send me a message and we can talk about all your questions.  what sorts of magick do you like?  okay, let's chat.", "i am a dominant sadistic mistress looking for male slaves. and that is slave as in being owned and not just something you like to do 5 minutes a day.  boys, if you are not sure this is probably not for you. i am pretty strict, so if you don't like the idea of having no freedom, move along. what do i want from you is obedience, submission, your crys, your begging, your whining. i am going to take all that. when you write me don't just say hello. write about yourself and why you would like to be a slave. be respectful. it is not that hard to do. be humble, but still present your talents.", "into dp / mmf / most group stuff really. pm me on kik at blatant pornographer", "up for whatever anyone is into, i like to make people cum so tell me what you want. boys and girls are more then welcome.  add me fortright", "jay 0929", "semi-fit mountain biker and triathlete looking to grab someone's hips and cum deep inside them as many times as possible.", "hello all,   18+ looking for others who are 18+. all characters are 18+  i'm looking to play a scenario that includes the following:  option 1: lately i've been fantasizing about the time my girlfriend cheated.... what she did. how she did it. why she did it.  i know it's a little taboo to think that, i mean i was very upset with her when she told me about it.... now i'm here thinking these naughty thoughts.....  maybe you're the guy she cheated on me with? maybe you're still in touch with her or trying to? maybe one day she tells me what she did and i ask her who you were, then i'd like you to tell me your story.....   option 2: i am straight....but i've been fantasizing about engaging in bi-curious activities... what if my girl and i along with you and your girl, engage in a game of truth or dare? or meet up at the bar? or at a party?   option 3: you and i are friends who attend a party whom my soon-to-be girlfriend and her bestfriend are there. you and i agree to flirt around with them and try to score a fun night!  option 4: you, me and some other people go to a dance together (prom, formal, club, etc.) before/after we all decide to have a sex party!   option 5: we can collaborate or you can share your ideas!  some kinks included: threesome, foursome, swapping, teasing, sexting, cheating, bi-curious (optional),   i will be playing my gf as well!  if this interests you, please message me!  kik: gigilittle45", "Have face and nudes but must cock one pic first to know you No Kik cutecouple23", "https://i.imgur.com/ub3gleg.jpg  looking for some cool women around my own age to chat with. i do netflix (mostly horror series), fitness and running, a shitty office job, and some other random hobbies. would love to chat about any of that, as well as our sex lives, the sex lives we want to have, and specifically, open relationships and what we like and don't like about them.", "hey im high and horny and i wanna talk about whatever you want, pornstars, girls, ourselves, kinks etc.  pm me (8 inch,big loads)", "all parties must be 18+.  hey i'm axel. just a way to friendly crocodile that needs to give his seed to any lady that wants it. my kinks included breeding, creampies, thick girls, and anything else that doesn't involve scat, toilet play and diapers. and we can also have a real conversation if anyone if anyone is up for it", "hey, all!  long time lurker, thought maybe i'd give it a try.  i'm 23, tall, thin, single, have my own place with an absentee roommate. i have a lot of things i'm in to. movies, anime, music, podcasts. didn't go to college, but i'm smart and (mostly) have my shit together. i don't drive because trying to save up money for my own place sans roommate. i play some video games. mostly strategy titles. and love board games. i'm trying to out a collection together, and then find people to play with. (haha)  i'd like to find a girl (18-28) who likes kinda nerdy, kinda awkward dudes to see if we can spark up a friendship and hangout when our schedules mesh. i'm not pushy, won't surprise you with dick pics. but i will send you pics of my walks, especially the sunrise or sunset. i like to share books and music, and really only watch tv or movies with other people, so... if you have something you'd like to watch, i'd like to sit next to you and maybe steal a snuggle or three.  thanks for reading. hope to hear from you!", "so yesterday i found out that stephen hillenburg passed away, and i asked the google assistant for more information about him. i opened the link to wikipedia and started reading, but something else cought my attention!", "long term medieval rp, adventure with some smutty moments. cute femboys wanted, preference to cute horses or deer.  kik-kinghalt", "can anyone id these guys?  https://alphanick21.tumblr.com/post/180244874199/jacksnewdick-go-tell-it-on-the-mountain-619/embed", "haven't masturbated in a few days, i don't think i can keep my hands off it much longer would love for a female to see how much pleasure she can give.", "i'm completely limitless!   i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  1. teacher hypno  i want to be hypnotized by a naughty teacher, who tries taking advantage of me. i love being told to do humiliating things. i also love being forced to say humiliating things. i could even be made into a bimbo, pet, or fuckslave.  2. turned into a toilet slave  i love messy and stinky perverted things. i can either be forced or hypnotized into being some womens scat and fart slave. i was thinking maybe my partner could play someone ugly, fat, furry/monstrous, or just really smelly. i'm also ok with them playing a hot character too.  my kik is: myusernamewastook", "I am thick 6ft husky but not educated working Looking for a sub who wants to have some casual fun with a dominant Im into a variety of kinks and can host or Able to talk more in depth and swap photos over Kik or Located in east", "**looking for two things today! whichever applies to you, feel free to hit me up and change it to your liking.**  first of all, i have been really wanting to clean some messy holes lately. whether that is a pussy stuffed full of cum, some piss to clean off, or even some assholes to use my tongue as toilet paper for,  i really really want to clean off your holes! feel free to degrade me or keep feeding me whatever it is you want from your holes!  other prompt:  been really craving a big black cock lately.  i'd love to have a nice, huge one to suck on right now. i'd kiss it, suck the tip, slide my tongue inside of your foreskin, and press my tongue against your pisshole. sucking and cleaning up your cock after a long day of work. maybe you need to let out a large amount of piss down my throat.   slide my tongue down your long shaft and give your sweaty balls some much needed attention.  after i am done sucking your cock, tonguing your balls, perhaps eating your ass, i would love for you to do whatever you please to me.  i'd prefer your cock to be over eight inches in length.  uncut very preferred. be as long as you want/need to be. i really need your black snake. give me all of your cum.  i'll be waiting...  limits: blood and vomit", "see title. looking for some stuff like that!", "hey everyone, as the title says we need love too. huge cocks get all the attention, how about some love for us smaller guys? i want my cock worshipped too... if you want to help out, send me your kik.", "hi! i'm an asian girl from australia in nyc for a business and wouldn't mind some company while i'm here. show me around and i'll show you what's down under? ;)  pm me a pic and a little about yourself", "hi there. i like to ask questions and have you answer whatever i want to know honestly. it turns me on, and if we get along really well, once i feel like i know what makes you tick, i might guide you through some role play, too. i am highly literate and detail-oriented, have a creatively dirty mind and i want you to have fun besides getting what i want.  i have a dominating personality when it comes to sex. if we do this, i need you following direction from the start. the ideal candidate will be eager to please and willing to share pictures within reason. i'll only talk with you if you're verified on dkp or willing to verify in app (i will gladly do the same, yes). your age and experience don't matter as long as you're over 18 and not dramatically older than me.  when you message me please introduce yourself a little in addition to leaving your kik.", "must send face as first snap. please be under 30. hharold333", "looking for someone to feed me pics of girls they know from anywhere (gf, sisters, instagram and anything else) yo stroke to. i have a thick 7 inch cock that i love to show off in pics or stroking vids. little limits and really i to edging and trying to have ruined orgasms tonight after not cumming for 2 weeks. pm me with your age and kik and ill message you back when im ready to stroke ;). pref girls but im down to show off to anyone ;)", "Hey in and pretty well Looking for a couple to have fun with I can hold an actual dirty or bi so down to play with you but if not into that I respect that too and can just play with one or the Open to all kinds of I can play on so message me for more", "first time ever doing something like this but too horny not too. kik me at submike48", "been feeling good as i'm beginning to lose weight and feel like i see a difference, looking for somebody who wants to chat, play on camera, or share pictures. prefer women, but might be down for very select dudes. if local maybe we could meet up.  check my post history if interested in what i look like.", "## im a short, slim blonde girl with a very cute tush ([https://imgur.com/a/vwytjfj](https://imgur.com/a/vwytjfj)) . i always get turned on by the idea of being in some sexy clothes, or cute clothes, or random costume, and just seeing some guy who i know wants to butt fuck me, and just turning around, taking my ass out, leaning against a wall or over a ledge or something and getting him do it :). role-play can make it even hotter.  also lately the idea of being watched by another girl, or vice versa, turns me on alot. and along those lines, pretty much anything having to do with a cute girls butt does too :) always down to talk about that with girls or guys ...  up for some chat or pic trade etc. re: any of these ideas or some others along these lines if you wanna propose them,  but also would be down to do something irl if u r nearby, cause i am feeling kinda slutty :)", "i'm looking for an extender that i can wear for extended periods of time that's both comfortable and can be hidden so that i can wear it throughout the day without everyone noticing. are there any models that'd fit my needs? :)", "i'm in the mood to make some captions tonight! let me know what some of your favorite kinks are and send me some pictures to use, then we can see what kind of fun things i can create for you.", "looking to play with 2 guys at once while husband watches.", "when i handed a copy of the tenth 8mm videotape made by ricardo lopez (aka; the missing footage) to deathaddict from sword & scale, it was uploaded to youtube september 2016, until it was taken down a while back. it seemed that people were still searching for the footage online. i still have that original copy (without the watermark), and i am posting it here for the reddit community to take a gander at.   &#x200b;  here it is; [https://youtu.be/yk3hbz9clo8](https://youtu.be/yk3hbz9clo8)", "Have you ever had naughty thoughts and tell a soul you know about Do you want to explore Let me help Message me", "just woke up feeling horny af and need a girl to help me cum k.i.k me @galaxyment got lots of hentai memes and stories to tell", "title says it all, want to talk dirty and swap pics with a sexy ts babe till we both cum, hopefully multiple times. definitely can be an ongoing thing if we enjoy it. pm!", "straight curious dude needs a buddy around my age to stroke and compare with. pm me age and username", "i'm just a guy in search of a girl to pass the time with.  a bit of chatting, some flirting, and we'll see where it goes.  so what do i like when i'm not horny? comics, napping, catching up on my ever growing list of shit to watch on netflix...you know, the normal stuff.  when i am horny, which is honestly a good amount of the time, i'm all over the place. vanilla stuff, a bit of kink, it's all fun, just depends on the mood. i can be dominant when the mood strikes, and it's safe to say i have more than a few submissive fantasies. it's probably easier to tell you what i'm not into: extreme pain, animals, breath play, scat, tentacles...i don't judge, just not for me.   so, if you're looking for a nice, friendly, a bit flirty, hopefully dirty conversation, here i am!", "hey, submissive guy looking to be dominated and humiliated by a hung dom. love being made to verbally beg for your big dick and saying whatever you want to hear just to be teased by your superior cock. username is incognition23", "hello, i am looking for someone to give me joi while i jerk off using my moms bras. i have lots, so i'll send a pic and you can tell me which ones to use and stuff. i would love for you to pretend to be her and call yourself mom/mommy and me son. i love cock worship too.  i'll send pics and vids as we go, you can send text or voice clips/vids telling me what to do and dirty talking.  otherwise if you want to roleplay i'm down for that too.  either way let me know ;)", "looking for people around my age.", "as always, my hope is to find a cute friendly ladyfriend who enjoys being entertained by a sissy boi. that being me :d as the title suggests i am obviously super into showing off while doing dirty things, especially while dressed up in girls clothes. also into orgasm control in general and light chastity. but i am eager to hear what you are into i get off the most simply by doing what you like to see!  most guys will also cum and run, so to ensure that doesnt happen and to prove that i am not just some horndog using to you get off, you may deny me from giving myself a proper orgasm. i will ruin every one i have for you until you decide otherwise. its all up to you! and as icing on the cake (or my face hehehehe) i will flip my legs over my head and ruin it right onto my own face to show you! who doesn't want to control a guy who is willing to cum on their own face? i mean really?  i am sure if someone wants to shoot me a response that we can figure something out that you enjoy just as much as i will! so don't by shy! i am patiently waiting for you!", "in Kelowna BC for the night just looking for something to snack 41 black Can just looking to play for a", "uncut latino looking to chat or trade, check my post history and hmu(:", "looking for a cultural experience.", "your fantasy of a thick, throbbing black [cock](https://i.imgur.com/0uymcrh.jpg) filling each of your holes can be fulfilled tonight. just send me a pm and we discuss how you will use my cock for your pleasure.", "i've gone and got excited, had a wonderful success story from here, but have not... finished.   anyone nearby down for getting the job done?", "im currently jerking off and posted some pics on my story. come watch me and hmu.", "If reading a good chance looking for the same thing I and even in the same a cheerfully overworked old guy out here in the get me I love my job for Monday but it does leave me a bit busy at the strangest so holding down your traditional sort of personal life is pretty Not that much for I paid my way through school as a toy designer and my sideline when I get a moment is penning sometimes and often smutty and on days off been known to drive as far as I can go in an afternoon and just camp wherever I land for the In a a cheerful lover of exploring the things around and a guy who mind sharing whatever scraps of time we can snatch from the jaws of Real Given that this is tagged probably not surprising that I feel like I should mention that quite open with what I like in other if you enjoy being eaten pinned in That being looking for someone I get along with first and and quite open to all sorts of interesting so if in the same boat or just want to say please do drop me a I look forward to hearing from and I hope you have a good day even if not quite your", "i love the sound you guys make when you're enjoying yourself. been told i'm good at bjs...care to find out? you must host or car play. near south is better.", "send me pics of your gf/wife/ex and ill show you my rock hard 7 inch cock  &#x200b;  sc = aabc4168", "hi i'm currently wanting to breast feed from my wife and we are going to work on induceing lactation and i had a question on how to properly suckle on her breasts to get the best results", "i surrender my life to your highness so you decide all that happens in my life  like when do i 1)cum 2)pee 3)eat 4)play  all in my life belongs to you now... for more information please i request you to message me thank you goddess", "really want a woman to give me jerk off instructions. message me for kik. i'll do it however you say.", "we are very understanding couple. we want to see my gf tributed very hard, with wank, digrade and dirty talking. not every man can do this. she is an typical indian. she doesn't allow nude or small dress photos. i have her cute smile face.. just for outfit lots of man don't tribute her. but we need someone very dirty who can make her slut. if you really want to complete our fantasy knock me.. plz don't knock just to watch.. i know someone will do his best.. kik: rifat.hasan699", "dixinstuff", "21m, 5'8, 170lb, white, serious pm's only. i don't send pics till the day before we meet, very, very much on dl. also, not into feminine", "Horny The bigger the Turned on by big dicks and thick muscular My SC is anshrknt", "hello!  im just your average horse person looking to have some predominantly kinky fun with people! weather you be male, female or herm all are welcome ! one thing i shall point out is that i only ask that you be literate enough to make a fully understandable sentence! most of my kinks do mainly lead to bondage and latex related situations but i will gladly go into more detail on kik itself!  anyway i do hope to hear from you soon  and make sure to say the passcode \"im here to offer you pats\" just so i know you've actually read the post, hope to see you soon, toodles!", "i wanted to get some opinions on this. see what people think of it and what i can do better. i thought this was a good place to post it.", "looking for a sissy gurl in chicago western suburbs, first timer anything you let me do you can do to me. pm me gurls", "klk me @  yesha711", "'''  can we get at least get a nsfl / trigger warning before i have to see corpses in my reddit feed?   i know what subreddit i'm in, and i don't want the post removed, i just could have done with a fucking warning! this is some nasty shit!  '''  [context link](https://reddit.com/r/historyporn/comments/a158h9/comment/eaohuhk?context=999)  [go1dfish undelete link](http://r.go1dfish.me/r/historyporn/comments/a158h9/comment/eaohuhk?context=999)  [unreddit undelete link](https://unreddit.com/r/historyporn/comments/a158h9/comment/eaohuhk?context=999)  author: /u/toxic orange dm", "jay 0929", "not purely sexual, preferably looking for a connection and something worthwhile.  i'll make you spread your legs for me like an obedient little girl, pressing my warm wet tongue against your dripping, trembling pussy. flicking your swollen clit with my tongue, sliding my fingers inside you as you willingly give your aching wet pussy to me like a good girl. pleasuring you until i force you to cum, making you squirm until you feel weak.  i will be as rough as your precious body can handle. i enjoy experimenting, testing limits, and learning our boundaries together. i will make every inch of your precious body mine. staring into your eyes as your pussy aches, and making you beg for it. letting you feel me using your sweet throbbing pussy until your helpless little body trembles, and you cum for me like a good girl. thanking me for how i make you feel.  if you've been a naughty girl, you should be expecting to be bent over for a spanking. i will find a more convincing punishment if i decide you've been an especially bad girl. the physical and caretaking aspects of ddlg are both necessary and overlapping. if you've been a good girl you'll be rewarded. and if you're a naughty girl i understand the importance of aftercare. once you've learned your lesson.  i love the physical aspect of it and the dominant/submissive nature of the relationship, but i understand that ultimately my babygirl is making her own choices, even if she is letting me make them for her.  anything extreme though we will discuss before jumping into. i think it's incredibly sexy knowing someone trusts you to give themselves to you submitting completely. having you dress up in an effort to seduce me, until you've earned my attention. taking control of your alluring body, laying beneath me completely at my mercy. submitting every inch of your body and all of your holes to me like a good girl.  i understand it does take time and communication to build that level of trust. it's a turn on knowing someone is not only willing but eager to go to extreme levels of physical intimacy with you.  looking for a sweet, sensual, passionate, and affectionate girl eager to please.  i am open to domination, punishments/rewards, gagging, forced orgasms, high heels, orgasm denial, edging, training, obedience, spanking, choking, toys, cum-covered, feet/legs, compassion, rough/gentle play, hair-pulling, deepthroat, impact play, whispering sweet and naughty words into your ears, switching between gentle and rough, letting passion overcome us, dressing you up, face-sitting, bondage, and lots more.  love art, photography, nature, music, film, video games, philosophy, my dog, astronomy, going to shows, adventures, and more.", "a bi human male looking for furs to explore Happy to try out being pinned down or the whole mind control Also I have an older brother welcome to try bringing but", "<partner search>  i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+!!!  i will play a boy or girl for you as well, just let me know what you want me to play!  so yes as the title says, i want to make some fantasies happen today. i have no limits at all so don't hold back what you want. i'm literate, detailed and can write a fare bit for you. it can be no smut and just story, or no story at all and only smut. or anything in between!! all i ask is that you are too. this can either go longterm or short term, up to you again please let me know. i'm okay with it being longterm but there must be story involved. otherwise i just get bored maybe we just have a bunch of a small roleplays, and just friends outside of roleplay? upt to you!  just in case you're wondering. i'm 21, from canada and my time zone is pst. oh also my kik is hannahboba i hope to hear from you soon  when you message me, if you have an idea please send me it. also no one sentence responses. otherwise i won't respond to you at all.  i have gotten a lot of messages, so if you have messaged please try again as i may have not seen it.", "[sexy](http://imgur.com/a/jlnqbeh)", "i've never had it rated before and i'd love to see what you think. if you're interested, dm me with your kik and we'll see how it goes. looking forward to hearing from you!", "smoking 18 yo college friend needs to be covered kik me jacdaripper", "https://imgur.com/a/phu3fxf", "just looking for actual females to message me, we can chat, send pics or vids, and just have a great time looking at each other and playing with ourselves. pm/dm if your around my age and interested , if your older message me a pic and maybe i can make an exception (not usually into older woman).", "23 185lbs Caucasian about 3 days Thanksgiving was spent in I flew and When I first got back I immediately knew I feel Checked and had a so I just went to Next day I woke up feeling but then right about 8ish or 9ish it hit me like a Went to Woke up in the middle of the night with unrelenting urge to Rush to the and commence relatively explosive The odd thing is that it was followed by about minutes of just plain and painful contractions that produced nothing Ever since that moment I have had to rush to the bathroom for the same experience I swear every 30 That was a whole day ago Most of the time now not even explosive at first it just trickles a little out and then the contractions begin If I count correctly I have been to the toilet almost 40 times in 24hrs with Last night i laid down at 9pm and sleep till 4am because I kept having to rush to the Does this sound normal for a potential airport Bad food Or could it be more serious like chrons", "bi guy at work wearing panties looking for some naughty chat to get me through the day.   *very* open minded when it comes to roleplay etc  pictures in my profile. kik is iswingeverway", "udo42", "https://www.pornhub.com/view video.php?viewkey=ph595c3f7fee006", "If reading a good chance looking for the same thing I and even in the same a cheerfully overworked old guy out here in the get me I love my job for Monday but it does leave me a bit busy at the strangest so holding down your traditional sort of personal life is pretty Not that much for I paid my way through school as a toy designer and my sideline when I get a moment is penning sometimes and often smutty and on days off been known to drive as far as I can go in an afternoon and just camp wherever I land for the In a a cheerful lover of exploring the things around and a guy who mind sharing whatever scraps of time we can snatch from the jaws of Real Given that this is tagged probably not surprising that I feel like I should mention that quite open with what I like in other if you enjoy being eaten pinned in That being looking for someone I get along with first and and quite open to all sorts of interesting so if in the same boat or just want to say please do drop me a I look forward to hearing from and I hope you have a good day even if not quite your", "(i am 18+ and all characters / those i role play with must be aged 18 or over)  hi!  i'm ben. i'm 23, from england. this can either be short or long-term depending on what you'd prefer/our timezones. by day, i work as a journalist for a magazine; this is my way of letting off steam while having fun with words and interesting people, while getting nice and hard.  i prefer to be the dominant one, ao please let me know if you want to play on kik?  my kinks (in no particular order) are: anal, assplay, ass to mouth, teasing, toys, outfits (i like to discuss outfits before we get going), being teased, slapping, spanking, oral, facesitting, tittfucking and rimming. if you're unsure or don't like any of the above, please let me know.  hope to see some activity in my inbox soon - my kik is benfox127  pip pip,  ben.", "so the video i'm looking for is not pornographic, but it is definitely nsfw. i remember it being really funny and would really appreciate if someone could find it.  ok so the video basically goes like this if i remember correctly. some guy has a kermit puppet on a omegle style site and gets matched with this guy that has his \"thing\" out on camera. kermit tells the guy to stop playing with himself and when they won't he repositions his camera to make it seem like kermit is performing certain acts on the man. all the while kermit is laughing uncontrolablly and the man just sits there smiling. hopefully someone here knows what i'm talking about because it's been driving me crazy all day.  i'm fairly certain it was made by the guy who runs this youtube channel, but it's not in his posted videos for obvious reasons: https://www.youtube.com/user/rorschachredemption/featured", "\"johnny climbs the cage, but aleister goes for the door. ciampa runs out and slams the door on black and attacks him. gargano gets back in the cage and stares off with ciampa. they do the diy finisher on aleister with johnny hesitating after the hit that ciampa would hit him. ciampa instead smiles and waves and closes the cage door as johnny covers aleister for the win. that's it for the tapings.\"  credit wrestling inc   sooooooo. yeah. diy reunion tour?", "looking for a fwb in sydney australia or just someone to chat to.  happy to have just a normal converaation or dirty talk also haooy to swap pics, i have kik as well so pm if youre interested", "not my usual scene, but it's something that's turned out to be unexpectedly hot.  take one unsuspecting anthro lion,       add something like roofies,     and lead him thoroughly astray.  to, perhaps, know nothing of it, but the state you leave him to wake up in?  we can work on setting and plot together but let me lay out a few kinks, for flavour~  bondage, crossdressing, chastity, humiliation, anal training/wrecking, petplay, ageplay, watersports, rough handling, incest, diapers...  kik - agreeneyedlion -- telegram - leo nine", "To contact me for pervy chat off the reddit message me in reddit I may have notifications for kik turned I have a and some semblance of a real floydoyp SockPuppetry Note and strictly so I seek out women If a Male who tries to start a conversation with be cordial not an but not going to be very good company because women have and made of sugar and spice and everything so women are who I My kinks are but adult pervy women excite me more than kids so if I fantasy chat with a mom who pimps out her be more turned on by the I prefer pervy rather than scripted role Sometimes pervy chat has turned into role play which is but I prefer the pedo chat of likeminded spontaneity between two adults who talk about If a you have vast latitude with me to like what you and be who you I try to force you into a mold of whatever chat partner I unless actually a kink of This is the only place you can read It be posted on any Only adults may contact", "who is this at 8:41?? the video is also hilarious but who's the redhead? https://youtu.be/fhjl08mjenu", "i'm a white guy and i somehow love the idea of interracial sex.  i love the thought of a pale, white girl or an asian girl getting fucked by a black guy.  if you are into that aswell i would be glad to talk to you.", "im looking for girls to come and take a monstrous dick, wether it be 11 inches or 20 inches is up to your preference, i'll have scenes depending on how fast you want it to get sexual, my kinks are: excessive cum, name calling, smacking, throat fucking, interracial (i like latinos) and my kik is psychedelic living if you don't have a ref pic i have a few for you. also i love older women so if you could play a stacked milf i would be 100% interested no matter the (interested does not mean i will do all just cause you play a milf also no gangbangs) also if you love sucking dick go ahead and let me know. i am 18+ this post is for others 18+", "would love to chat dirty with a bi bro who has a big cock or hot body.would love to be long term,have a dirty and fun chat and if we click meet up also if you go to brooklyn college to maybe we could hang.pm me", "is there anymore of her anywhere or a name?[flash](https://imgur.com/a/yuw0so7)", "service(s) needed: looking to spend some time on skype with a sexy girl. striptease and maybe some oral play and more. i love deepthroat!  budget: $30+  specifics (requests, kinks/fetishes, time requirements, etc.): i love striptease and oral fun!  type of seller i'm looking for (age, race, dom/sub, body type, etc.): 18+ cute woman contact me!  preferred payment method(s): google wallet or amazon", "Any girl in westchester interested in I have always wanted to be pegged and have my prostate I have the strap I am and 180lbs", "24 male uk, looking for a bit of give and take ;)", "i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  hello! i'm looking for a scenario revolving around a werewolf and a human. i have some ideas in mind but come prepared with your own. i don't mind smut but it won't be the focus of the roleplay so don't come expecting it to be.  i do have some preferences as to what you will look like, but that can be discussed when we start setting things up. if i don't get back with you right away, don't worry. i'll get to you eventually.  if you're interested, my kik is putyouonblastlol", "good evening ladies, this is an offer for a mustache ride open to all ottawa area women. i am a 33 year old white male with an athletic build, that loves to tease, taste and please a woman. i am ready, and willing to lick for hours.  i am located in the east end but am mobile and open to whatever situations arise.  pm me and maybe we can make something happen. check my profile for pictures if interested.", "looking for stories where wife, husband and husband's guy friend share a bed and the friend make a move on the sleeping wife. later leads to a threesome.", "there's a girl with a british accent, and she's showing this guy around a potential empty office or apartment space on the ground floor (the room's completely bare). as part of their 'deal' they start fooling around + screwing near the window with the shades partially open, a people walk by until one (and i think their friend) notices (and possibly start filming on their phone?), the girl gets a little embarrassed and they keep going", "a 24M student in a relationship with a 22F both located near and in We have been together for about two years and have started experimenting over a year ago with things such as looking for either someone to chat to about or if located close to to maybe join us Open to both guys and Please introduce yourself a little if you want to chat and expect me to flood you with pictures after 2 minutes of", "new inexperienced sissy looking for a dom that can keep me on task to becoming their little sissy girl. kik jwtsdd", "hispanic, 27, in fairly good shape, 7+ in, ddf. i live in the raleigh area, but willing to travel as necessary. looking for something casual and ongoing, nsa. available almost any day with enough of a heads up. pm me if interested.", "love to serve and take care of straight cock. prefer married or taken but any kind of straight or bicurious is good.  kik: flutie4lyfe", "hello,  i am traveling to jacksonville fl from 12/5-12/9 and would love to meet up with someone. i got out of an 8 year relationship in june and tbh it destroyed my self-esteem. i'm an attractive guy, i've just found it difficult to put myself out there. i'm white, 6'3\", dark brown hair, brown eyes, and a slim/athletic build. i will definitely reciprocate! hope to hear from you.", "a 24M student in a relationship with a 22F both located near and in We have been together for about two years and have started experimenting over a year ago with things such as looking for either someone to chat to about or if located close to to maybe join us Open to both guys and Please introduce yourself a little if you want to chat and expect me to flood you with pictures after 2 minutes of", "if you want pics you must be real dominating and humiliating to me.  don't just write hi  kik: obeyyouz", "simply looking for someone who is a girl or would be ok playing a girl. simply horny before bed and would like some help getting there. dirty chat and sexting would be great. message me if you are interested.", "hello! what i'm looking for is someone to control a world in which the women are all available for free-use, no matter who, when, or where. this can be set in the urban day, a medieval fantasy world, the post-apocalypse, or a futuristic sci-fi setting. you would control the characters i would come into contact with and situations i'd encounter. personally, i'd prefer a sci-fi setting so that different alien species can be included, but i'd love to play any!   my kinks are anal, cum, creampies, sloppy seconds, clothed sex, outdoor sex, rimjobs, oral (giving and receiving), ageplay, femboys, futa, shotas, lolis, incest, interracial, interspecies, beast, and dry humping.  my limits are scat, gore, vore, death, vomit, and straight up scat.   my kik is zatguy101   i am 18+ and all character must be 18+", "english is not my first language. grew up in europe, 9\" cut  kik is wanderingcrow13", "looking for a female who like to take over and do the my dutchmale28", "who you are   23-26 years old   ambitious, creative, fun, risk-taker, brave, submissive, slavish, bratty, lost   who i am:   dominant, gentle, understanding, merciful, sadistic, searching, girlish, playful, creative, driven, lover-girl   looking for something with irl potential (at some future point), long-term, emotional, meaningful", "35-year-old black man. will be in town on business and hoping to find a sexy woman, couple or even a group for some fun saturday, dec. 1. hit me up!", "love admiring cocks that put my little one to shame :3 high af with my bff and would love to chat with some real men :p", "i'm looking for a male or female who's willing to rp as a dominant futa mistress. you can be rough or gentle, i don't mind either way. in the rp, i would be already broken in as your horny cum slut or you can break me in yourself. there is no limits so we can get as kinky as possible. my kinks are pegging, bondage, latex, cum play, cum denial, chastity, pet play, anal play, sounding, cbt, ball busting, milking, blowjobs, handjobs, toys, rimming, glory holes and i'm open to any other kinks. kik me at hentailover325 with your kinks, limits and any other ideas you want to include. i have a reference picture to show what i had in mind. i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+.", "i'm a hung alpha bull from the uk and i'm looking for cucks who can't satisfy their women or women would need a little something bigger in their life to satisfy them.  i'm interested in your woman. the more of a hotwife, the better. if you love showing her off to dominant men and hearing about how they'll use her, i'm your bull  i'm into sub/dom, bdsm, humiliation and worship. very kinky and very dominant  let me know if you want to chat and drop me a message", "super horny, and up for trading anything, pics stories chats, with other teen girls. my kik is in bio. or just dm", "kinky submissive boy for older 30+ men and muscle daddies. abuse my throat", "Zach the shiny luxio here looking to broken and turned form a playfull pokemon to a slutty toy i just want to be insulted and Tell me how much of a little girly slutty beta bitch i am I need huge cocked ferals and furs to fuck me humiliate wear me as cock leave me soaked in cum feed me a diet of just use me as depraved I can be slaves to a pokemon sanctuary so you can be any pokemon you feel Maybe a stranger drugs me leads me into abandon house in the middle of no where and lets them fuck me to their hearts or random fur grabs me and fucks me or being used us as egg incubators for some tentacles Anything your heart Please comment with a reference of your super hawt refs and maybe a few interesting Keep in mind im only lookin for VERY kinky Also we dont have to have a story we can just hop in and break me This is both long and short i reply to as many people i can I have to many Kinks to name them all but a few main favs are Water play water so the sex is set in water basically electrostimulation milking machine mind break rough knotted sex semi publi Limits Water scat death gore Kik me ashockingcat", "hello sirs, im a very submissive sissy slut that would love to roleplay you turning me into your 24/7 bimbo, tattooed, pierced and marked to your specifications. kept overnight in bondage and chastity with a fucking machine on all night, whipped and caned regularly and trained to be your perfect whore; to the point i can take your cock in my pussy with no notice and would never ever dare touch my clit. i love rules and protocol play so the more you want to train me to serve you the better - if that sounds interesting then please do message hehe", "hey guys looking to chat snap me at jeffreyj22", "are you into some weird fetishes and have pics to share that you've found online?  send them to me and make me cum. anything goes.  pm for kik", "I want to absolutely worship any part of you with my Your If interested please Kik JWilbourne96 If in NJ we could meet up", "how much would a spread pussy pic cost?", "laying in bed edging and could use some help cumming as i show off. females, trans or males chatting as females welcome!", "hi all, first time posting in this sub. does anyone have any comics or art where a hung, muscular stud is held down and fucked from behind by a petite partner? the giver could have a smaller dick, be a futa, or be very feminine. bonus points if the stud is angry at the role reversal, or is caught by surprise!", "boy96yr", "all tensed and soaking in precum from a day long If you want to help me finish it or just see it drop me a a 25 years old guy with an uncut", "im cold, your cold, lets warm each other up?  25 year old, white, 5'11\"  7.5 inch cock  message me", "hey i'm horny rn. just send pic of your body or your d, i'm open to all  ;) @agustin.salinas", "i've got a big girthy cock for you to take care of. i cum a lot.   kinks are worshipping, freeuse, titfucking, handjobs, blowjobs and much more. i like both rp, sexting and sharing.   i will reward you for being a good girl.   29m, scandinavian. i am an experienced rp'er/sexter", "Experienced single submissive man 36 seeking of any age or experience to Ive had multiple years of experience in many forms of submission both online and Im primarily looking for contact via the instant messenger of your choosing with things moving to much more into Audio rather than Video so please keep that in As I stated above im not hung up on your age or Im more then willing to serve someone who is just starting to explore her Domme side just as much as im willing to serve someone that has many years of Im primarily looking for something long term with daily Kinks im into and would be willing to explore Orgasm tease and anal nipple forced guided semi public play and light I also have a wide variety of toys of all kinds at my Please feel free to contact me with any questions you may have or If I can serve you in any Please keep in mind I send pics at least until some trust is", "i am in a d/s relationship and it was going very well, please keep in mind we have only been together 2 months until master had a function at work, he asked one of his vanilla friends to attend with him. we had just got through playing and he announced, i finally found someone to go to the work function with. that slapped me in the head and has made me feel very insecure since. i have not asked him about it because i don't want to be \"that girl\". he also does not text or talk like he used to this can be put down to work so i am not worried about this, only the date he has saturday night. i asked him have i displeased him in some way and he said no why and i told him no reason just asking but it has made me feel very insecure. what if in the course of our relationship he finds another woman he is interested in and just says i can't see you anymore?", "black, fit, hung with a booty here. horny now and looking to trade and show off with someone sexy. also looking for hot group stories.  into guys around my age or older, people of color, avg / fit / beefy builds, tops and vers. assertive doms very welcome. user: clonetank. pics get my attention.", "Would love to meet a guy who is currently playing competitive sports pref for his college Dont be salty boys some people have a I can show you my assets if you open with a pic in uniform or maybe with your shirt off I would like to kik sext and then maybe My kik is Is anyone out there interested in", "i know that title sounds really dumb, but hear me out for a second.   this island is full of animals and bountiful food sources for damn near anyone to thrive on. so why are the people there canablistic? it just makes no sense to me. is it just the dev's doing that for the sake of the game or is it the artifacts?", "hello! i'm melody and i need some saucy rp in my life! i have a female and two males who would love some action. i am welcoming both males and females (no futas) of all species to come and rp some plots i made up!  &#x200b;  \\*my characters\\*  \\-note- all these characters have furry and human versions. i prefer you tell me which versions you want upon replying to this post on kik  &#x200b;  melody: \\[sub}  a shy bookworm of a girl who loves music and cooking. at first she may seem quiet and reserved, but deep down, she longs for that special someone to love and cuddle with. you may also find that she also is quite the ideal mother for any children you may want to have.  &#x200b;  chris: \\[dom\\] an intelligent man of elegant taste. he's the kind of guy who always gets what he wants, even if he has to work for it a bit. he's a charming gentleman in the public eye, but behind closed doors... well, that's for you to judge.  &#x200b;  skye: \\[sub\\] skye is a small male who grew up more interested in video gaming and cartoons rather than sports. he's a bit on the awkward side, but he has a kind heart and all it would take is a little push to bring out his loving side.  &#x200b;  \\*plots\\*  \\-note- each plot is designed to account for f/m, m/m, and f/f pairings and are meant to go long term.  &#x200b;  \\-life in the 'burbs-  our two love birds have just gotten home from their honeymoon. they got a decently sized home in a suburban neighborhood and have their whole lives ahead of them. basically, this is a nice little slice of life plot. we can add crazy neighbors, try for children, go on hectic adventures. i'd like to think it was inspired by the comic \"original life\" by jay naylor.  &#x200b;  \\-the furry furry west-  the industrial revolution is at its peak, yet much of the west remains an untamed mistress. are you an outlaw or a sheriff? maybe you're just a salesman trying to get a quick buck. whatever your story is, our characters paths would eventually cross and only time will tell what happens then. because anything goes out here in the wild west.  &#x200b;  \\-i should have stayed with the tour group-  \\[insert sub character here\\] was on an exhibition with a group, exploring the depths of a jungle/forest that has yet to be untouched by civilization. unfortunately, he/she strays off the path and into a trap! he/she is eventually is cut down by a couple of savages from \\[insert dom character here\\]'s tribe. when \\[dom\\] sees \\[sub\\], he/she commands that \\[sub\\] must stay to breed with him/her.  &#x200b;  if you want simpler scenes, i have some of those too, just ask! my kik is melody.loves.music and the password is \"apple\"  &#x200b;  please be literate  please be 18 or older  no irl profile pics  no asking for irl pics  hope to see you soon!", "i'm trying to make an ama for guys because i realise guys have a lot of questions they don't get to discuss, regarding women.  i'm under 30 and very open to answer questions of all topics. :)", "the \"father\" had an australian accent and the daughter was a blonde \"teen\". runtime was about 57 minutes  [https://tineye.com/query/ffda3d0638055c58045b646fed5869b0c253cc14?size=160](https://tineye.com/query/ffda3d0638055c58045b646fed5869b0c253cc14?size=160)  looking for actor names and/or video", "always lurked around this but never really had anything like advice or tips on until A I have been and I really want to try lettting bdsm bleed into our day to day so not just but it would be a very new thing for both of a bit of a but still very submissive and extremely just never had a partner compatible enough to attempt this lifestyle with before and love some sort of guidance from those who are more", "long dark on a She was on her back with the guy out of", "if u want to see every part of me just kik me :p : brendajameson95", "i got the mini lotus and they threw in a green quick shot as a gift.   &#x200b;  i don't know, it's not satisfying? i followed the instructions and it didn't work out for me. my hand honestly feels much better. i have buyers remorse, i'm considering buying something much tighter? do you think it's worth it?", "looking for a sub We are looking for submissive lady or for being our My lady has many me for more information be verifying and you should to And has a group for couples who can have fun", "add me matt.d000 and mention you added me from reddit", "upvote if you can still watch ;)", "[https://gfycat.com/emptylankyguppy](https://gfycat.com/emptylankyguppy)", "Black girlfriend", "ever since we met, your life changed. it started off so normal at first, but as time passed, i trained and disciplined you. i turned you into a slut. *my* slut. i taught you how to take my cock to the hilt, no matter the hole. not only that, i've also trained you not to cum without permission. it doesn't matter what toy you use or how long you use it. unless i say so, you are trapped on the edge.  now i'm away for a few days and the only way to talk is with kik. send me a message and maybe i'll let you cum...eventually.  (this is going to be an edging/orgasm control rp. it's only meant to be a quicky for now, but if we click, it can be reoccurring. also, roles can be reversed for those interested in that. message me for kik. everyone is 18+)", "i'm looking for a master that likes watersports and scat maybe vore~ i'm okay a lot of other things you just have to ask!", "", "i am a white man that is looking for some asian raceplay.  i happen to be an english teacher in japan irl (actually i'm chatting from my work place), but it can be any location.  here are a few ideas to start things off.  * one of my english students who needs some extra lessons after school  * a neighbor who really wants to get with the white man living next door  * an asian-american who has always preferred white men and does anything for her white boy friend  * half asian niece spends some quality time with her white uncle  * asian stepmom or aunt who is happy to help out her white son or nephew  if any of these situations appeal to you, let me know and we can discuss the details.  otherwise, let me know your idea.  **we could also play any of my previous posts or include a different race besides asians.**  look forward to hearing from you!    kik: chaosmcleary  kinks:  rough sex, anal, oral, cum play, spanking, sexy clothes, public or semi public sex, con, non-con, dub-con, big ass, beasts, bimbo, free-use, raceplay  limits: blood, scat, death  i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+", "hey, i'm trav. i'm a pretty normal guy from the midwest. i like nice nerdy girls. i run a business and i'm a widower. just get bored and would love to make a friend to get to know! i'm tall and strong with what i'm told is a nice side smile.", "https://gfycat.com/harmonioussophisticatedindianabat", "seeing as they removed the only reason people used craigslist before i could try an use it i figured i would throw this up here.   yeah, it is a throwaway. i know. i mean it  has the word \"throw\" in it, super obvious, but it is an old one, so you can take some comfort in that.    here is what i'm thinking.   we meet up here, your place, whichever. you bring some toys, i don't have any, i never really used them enough to get my own.   i go down on you, then we your holes with your toys. some throat fucking, i remove a toy, use that hole. put toy back. go back to throat until i cum on your face. maybe go down some more, perhaps forced orgasm, then i cum in you for round two.   if you wanted to be tied or handcuffed it can be arranged. or if you want something added to the plans we can discuss.   me: a man, 35-40,5'8, beard, stocky. ddf, i'm a bear, if i was into men it would be great. but i'm not.   you: a woman, trans, nb, etc,   basically not a cis man. if you present as a man, and we're born a man, then this won't work.  we can chat. you send a picture, idealy nude, i send one back. but you're basically being used as a toy. so consider that.   i'll leave this up for a few days and probably delete it like the last time.", "pl20234", "it's getting chilly out! looking for a fun sized pillow princess with a smooth pussy who wants to get eaten correctly and made to cum multiple times.  you'll be hooked and cuming back for more.", "would love to find a curvy woman to have a some fun with, would like someone that is kinky, adventurous, outgoing and can hold a good conversation and possibly long term. love girls with accents. if this is you and youre interested send me a message with alittle about yourself and see if we can click.", "so about me. i'm 19,black, 6'0 230 lb, and and decently sized where it matter. you know when you go to a school where 95% of the population is the same race as you, and you're one real friend there is half white and hawaiian it sucks. but luckily that's what the internet is for. so if the title wasn't a huge hint as to what i'm int he mood for , i'm currently searching for some sexy fun. the only catch i'd prefer this to be an interracial relationship meaning white,asian, latino and anything in between are all welcome. . so if you're interested in a horny college student don't be afraid to send me a little orange envelope.", "character in this roleplay is years Hello to everyone out there reading My name is I am a bisexuell 19 year old boy from I have a huge fetish for being abused and made into You can do this however you want Be as creative you as like or just use the traditional I care I also care who you I accept everyone and will answer anyone to the best of my We can either do this on a longterm scale or just a quick mindbreak I hope to hear from you soon and I hope that after you are done I will be utterly broken Do your My kik name is Noah471", "i love it best when sexting with someone way older. what's your favorite?", "https://gfycat.com/greatmarvelousbinturong", "after a rough time trying to keep the family stable moving to a new home sounded fun. yet it just seemed that it made things more rocky as nights got more lonely. your son/daughter says a monster keeps scaring him/her in the closet. one night your wife took the kids to a movie theater leaving you all alone yet again. drinking some liquor you thought hey why not see if this monster really is real? taking a seat on the child side bed you felt some goose bumps run along your arms as a faint hand pushes open the door. a bit delicate yet the eyes that pierced directly at you seemed to stun yet arouse you.  why must working at a gas station at night be sooooo boring? watching crazy people and old geezer buy their coffee i wanted to quit. but i needed the money more then anything else so i'll take this job over something else. *ring* wait? omg! look at him this stud might just be the cure i need to make this night at least bareable or even fun?  a room filled with gold and no real use for such worthless dildos. i needed more excitement or at least a knight who won't run away at the first sight if a challenge. why is being a dragon so boring where is the fun now a days?  mother is making those weird noises again? it seems she does them after father goes to work but i guess i could see why she is making these sounds? opening the door i saw something odd mother is pushing a rubber thing in and out of herself what could it be? mommy what are you doing?  exploring the woods can be scary or boring depending on what you think. yet every night i hear a very just odd hoel mix of wolf or beast? in this general direction yet what is it? dead was the night but there it was the howl but right over the hill. taking a deep breath i began to climb all the way on top to see what the f**k is that? it seems to be a... w-werewolf?! nope i knew i should've *snap!*... fucking twig!!  well here are more stories cause my brain has ideas uwu/ my kik is small terror so then more stories to come", "...and when i was looking for hookups, everyone was looking for something serious. life is really fucking weird like that, man.  anyway, here i am, dingus number four thousand, trying to find something short or long term! it doesn't have to be dead set super cereal marriage type deal, but i don't want just a physical relationship either. ideally, it'd blossom into something long term, but even if we end up just being friends, that's always sweet too!  what is there to say about me? i'm a tech worker in the bay area. i also hate tech at the same time, so clearly, i chose a great career path. i like my foods: indian, japanese, chinese, ethiopian, you name it. i just don't like seafood. sorta. i'll explain later, haha. i'm a night owl by night, and a tired ass dude by day. i consider myself a student of life, and always love learning. i've been getting back into writing recently, and trying to read more too (in addition to all the video games. all of them). i'm newly lactose intolerant but thank god it's 2018 and there is lactaid. been trying to figure out where the hell to travel next (any ideas?)  i hope to find something real and meaningful here, but it's reddit lol. we'll see! if this piqued your interest, let's voice chat on discord or kik or something? i'd be happy to swap pics over reddit for the classic \"physical attraction\" test first!", "always wanted a man to capture your mind take Something about you has been longing for it but you just know how to ask for making this very easy for you to say Message me so we can", "hey! so love to show off my wife (and me) and would love to trade for the same of. my wife is short, curvy, lactating, loves showing off and posing. not into anal.  send me a message with what you might have to offer, open to all ideas", "i worship black cock.  in fact i worship black men. would love to chat with guys or girls who understand and appreciate my thoughts, especially white guys who agree and would like their white girls with black man and feel subservient to them", "Add a uncut and hung student with a hot looking for some fun girls to tease and have some sexy time This is a picture of me if you want to check me out", "http://i.imgur.com/qyzv2pr.jpg  take a look and if you like give me a pm. can chat here or at kik", "looking for younger smooth bottoms kik is gajeel95", "there is a side to me that only my friends, family, coworkers, and others see. i work very hard to maintain that image, and try not to let other things complicate it.  but you'll see the side of m that very few others have seen.  you'll be the one who i message when i shouldn't.  you'll be the one i tell how much i ache and throb for you, knowing i shouldn't.  you'll squirm and drip at the thought of how i could, would, and will take you, away from prying eyes.  you'll be my dirty, *dirty* little secret, and so so much more...  ********  5'9, handsome, sweet n' rough. can host and travel. ddf. this is [me](https://i.imgur.com/5lp91uo.jpg?).  tell me about yourself and what you're looking for.", "at work but what I really need is to let off some steam and forget about some Looking for someone carefree and positive to play MI preferred but talk Verification I like movies and fitness and being", "hey there, i'm diesel and i'm looking for cuties of a dominant sort who are into all sorts of transformation. the set up for a scene that i have in mind is that you order a raccoon android, and i come with an app to reconstruct my body more to your liking. i'm open to talk about other ideas or fetishes that we may want to work in. or just doing something completely different even. my only requirement is that it prominently feature transformation.", "love to do a little game where there is a sent between us and the other has to make up a story about This can be a long or short story just whatever to get it We could play where I just send and you write the or we could alternate taking turns just let me All kinks are welcome as I think that will be the most", "hey, 18m with a bunch of hot teen friends. if you want to jerk off to them and degrade them, hmu with your username", "i'm looking for someone with who wants to chat, get to know each other, and pretend we're not equally mentally and socially deficient.  ideally my partner would be: an insomniac, have some quirky political ideals, has a weird obsession with a random animal ( rabbits, ducks, cats, dogs), a penchant for buggery, and the kind of depraved sexual fantasies that they don't have anywhere near to gumption to act upon in real life.  i'm pretty laid back and open minded so don't be shy. unless you're a furry. if you're a furry then feel very free to be shy.", "her 1st time playing with another woman. we will be in nashville the night of the 5th. she is a bbw and would love to play. i will kick back and watch.", "hey i have a day off from class today ( thank my professor) so if you want to have me at your feet today, begging for you to just look at me and enjoy your company feel free to me a line :)  pics, kik, any kind of info you're wanting to give me would be awesome :p", "Afternoon I am a 27 year old and Although when soft you think so as I am very much a yet I do like to show it Check out the pinned pic on my profile for an So if interested in watching it go from small to big this is the ad for Looking for someone to my but not going to be picky on something like free most and if things go well like to have this be a regular", "hey there! trade/chat, kiny/vanilla, hmu for fun. love older! but all are welcome (18+). x\\ 0281", "anyone is welcome to answer, but if you are not male, please make a note of that in the answer", "Found some pics of my 20 year old Nice C cups on a Willing to send sfw but nudes for nudes of your lady as", "i really excite for post images", "can someone help me against the 3 in tge cave of the dead? im on ps4.", "no chubs send asl and pic dhunterm23", "me and one other guy made a group so we can get a list of dropbox porn links so if you've got any to share or trade message me your kik!", "a white professionally very easy to get along with and A lot of people consider me easy to talk to and find my sense of humor to be my best Work is since I work from home I can easily leave to meet for a coffee looking for a white female that is also into and bit of oral All I ask is good disease Not into but am 420 PM me your kik to talk", "thibermis is a land of frigid winds and unrelenting snow, meant to punish the strong and kill the weak. the frozen hellscape of thibermis is tied together by three main guilds: mercenaries, merchants, and thieves. despite all odds, this community survives the everlasting winter surrounded by the mysteries of the unknown. you too can be part of this wondrous community. help shape the future of thibermis, further, the goals of your guild, explore this lore-rich land, or die alone in the snow.   we are a community searching for users over the age of eighteen, regardless of skill level! be forewarned: there may be nsfw themes in the server. we hope to see you join soon!  join here: https://discord.gg/cncsux4", "kik cub561", "hey guys,  i'm a 26 year old male from europe.  there is a whole day of home office in front of me tomorrow and i am really thankful for every nice break you are offering me. also i am coming fresh out of a long term relationship and i am a little rusty in flirting and stuff. maybe you could help me to get on track again. :)  if you are looking for a warm and friendly environment to chat longterm about life and sex, feel free to pm me here on reddit. as i am very open minded, have a look at my \"kink list\". (will only be sent to those who ask :d)  if you would consider yourself as intelligent and attractive with interest in some kind of role play and chatting, feel free to slide into my dms. ;)   i would love you to add some information about you and your thoughts about my post, as well as your age to your message.  and don't forget your kik account name.  see you out there :)", "28M Doing tributes for wives and gfs for the next few Get me on kik at Just jump right in and send me a", "i am 25 years old, dark hair, dark eyes, athletically built body, 5'9. looking for some nsa fun tonight or for future times too. i have my place to my self tonight so am really looking to capitalize. would love to eat out a girl all night tbh. i can send pics if you contact me that you're interested.", "https://discord.gg/feabeaa", "Brunhild smiled as she met the girl she was fated As Isolde was only of but where Brunhild was voluptuous and Isolde was narrow and Her clothes looked lose and with a sole pendant hanging down her flat is a pity of fate that we are Brunhild lied with a in another time we could have made great Isolde smiled as much as her narrow features would let us embrace as friends and kiss as if true Brunhild for what did she have to She could comfort the loss of this thin wench before claiming her future She allowed this Isolde to kiss and to grab the back of her head into a proper And Isolde kissed she kissed her with enough that Brunhild felt She felt herself The dress around her felt the arms around her felt Brunhild but the embrace around her was growing strong where she was growing The bosom of her dress began to feel as breast grew rounder and evil she whispered as she struggled to get her newly skinny thighs powerless against is Isolde wish to compete yourself against She raised skinny body against a want to compete yourself against She pressed her brimming bosom against flat think we are competing as Isolde dropping Brunhild to the Isolde breathed her taut dress creaking as it struggled to contain smiling like a demon as Brunhild tried to straighten trying to get her cavernous dress to look appealing on her thin", "5'11\" 175#  wife left me to turn in to a drug fueled raver chick. finally going to finish this shit. looking for a fun time after the hearing. let's get blazed and mess around.   will go as far as you want. can host.", "[https://youtu.be/i7l2cqubqxm](https://youtu.be/i7l2cqubqxm)", "Hey horny as fuck currently and really would like to get some pictures captioned the to get I have some pretty taboo so please tell me your limits when messaging", "just a guy looking for some no strings fun. pm me!", "In good shape and uncut From the UK Looking for another play mate Edgeral94", "send face to toc9636", "that's right. busy at home and work but willing to play the game. i'm fit, stable, and fun. join me to exchange dirty fantasies and pictures.   i'm straightforward, clean, and a decent gentleman with a dirty mind :)  come and join me on kik. send me a pm for more info.  cheers,", "it's a picture of a girl, prone, with her upper body in a pool, her waist on the edge of the pool, and her legs extended and spread behind her, with her ankles tied to weights so that she can't move. her hands are also tied behind her back.   she's fully naked, shaved, fit/skinny, white, cant see her hair as shes submerged waist up, so the only part of her body visible is waist down, and the picture is taken from behind, from the perspective of someone standing (as opposed to ground level)  it seems to be the backdoor pool of a high end house, although that part of my memory is rather vague, could have been a normal-ish home. it's also day time in the picture.  please, help a brother out.", "are you stressed out? anxious? it's okay, i'm right here with you. give me eight minutes to softly talk to you [about snow](https://soundgasm.net/u/missmouthwords/snow-for-stress).", "Looking for a guy that is and interested in a long term chat I prefer the casual everyday type girl more than the slutty flirty ones and not into I like to chat about general stuff about both of you not just dirty long term intimate relationship fantasy like im her Please message me first on here before kik and im not a", "i want a lesbian friend that knows i find her sexy and really likes that fact.  hello,   so i'd like to have a lesbian friend that is super hot and *knows* i am into her a really loves it. she knows i jerk off thinking about her and what she gets up to with her girlfriend(s).  she loves  to tease me with texts and such. \"do you think my date will like this bra? this outfit?\" sort of things. maybe even in person.  we are good friends but she really loves the \"special\" attention i pay her and gets kinda turned on knowing boys are so easy to excite.  maybe it moves to her wanting me to actually jerk off while she's around.  i dont have this fully fleshed out so lets talk about it, i am very open to longer term things as well.  open to many types but i really love goth/punk girls for this, but again, am open.", "https://gfycat.com/heartytalkativebeaver", "My girl loves to dom couples and ladies and I like to watch that We can verify as you too should Pm me for more details And Has a group for couples who are genuine", "she stays with him for two nights during the week long trip.  if you would like to discuss, send me your kik.", "hairy,cut,chubby. looking for bottom up for whatever i don't send face. hmu and see where we go sc: tjtj120916", "hi all! there are plenty of plots revolving around monster girls serving as slaves to humans, but what about the other way around? i'm looking for someone that would want to play as my new monster owner. you can be sweet and gentle or hard and brutal (my sweet spot is a loving but stern mistress).   perhaps monsters have actually dominated all of humanity, leaving the remnants as mere servants. maybe it's actually very rare and your powerful monster wanted a peasant plaything. it's up for grabs no matter what!   i'm looking for literate and detailed partners who can write a paragraph easily, maybe even two.  for my kinks, my favorite is pubic hair but i understand if it's not everyone's fancy. other than that we have worship, feet, saliva, watersports, filth, futanari, femdom, cuckold, edging, and more!  my favorite monsters are amazons, lamias, kitsunes, and demons, but feel free to send others! exotic cocks are also loved.  kik: tokutime  i am 18+ and all characters and participants must be 18+", "hi there! i'm a 19 year old white male, blonde with blue eyes, 6ft tall, uncut, and looking for chat/rp/sexting, hopefully fwb. i like to talk about what makes us tick, what we fall for, how we like it... i'm interested in experiencing how's it like with a more experienced woman, perhaps a cougar or a milf, to help you release sexual tension or just remind you the stamina that a younger guy can provide you.  i'm a university student right now, i love computers, geeky stuff, playing guitar and meeting people.  don't be shy, i don't mind age or looks as long as you keep the conversation interesting. i'm open to a lot of stuff, ask me anything!  go ahead and send me a pm with your age, and something about yourself if you're interested!  if you're curious about what do i look like: https://imgur.com/a/is99raj", "i'm super bored right now, would love to admire some cock. so send pics please.  kik: caileamshallis", "love bigger guys, its no secret. trading and love dirty talk, maybe even a live. i tend to be submissive, will top or bottom.      sc: ryanifreannach  &#x200b;", "I am a loving and caring mistress but also I like to spoil those I care for but if I feel you deserve I will not hesitate to punish Respect and obedience are the two things I expect from any sub I decide to good relationship is built on trust so I want us to have an open communication and talk about Online in person is I want someone that understands their place and wants to worship a gorgeous My beauty and command is intimidating and I know what I so I want a slave that is A slave that can serve me to their best If you are interested message", "hello,  i am traveling to jacksonville fl from 12/5-12/9 and would love to meet up with someone. i got out of an 8 year relationship in june and tbh it destroyed my self-esteem. i'm an attractive guy, i've just found it difficult to put myself out there. i'm white, 6'3\", dark brown hair, brown eyes, and a slim/athletic build. i'd love to have fun with someone while i'm in-town.", "18+ only, send pic with age and i'll reply with the same. gheydig99", "Feeling so horny right now any naughty ladies wanna hook up on kik with a Muslim brown guy with black Come over hit me up on kik help me cum", "bored on shift. looking to pass the time with some flirting. have you ever ridden on a helicopter?! kik is keonimo403c  profile has a face pic on it.", "all of the names used in this story are fake names.  i sit in between these two girls who are really good friends to each other named emma and sam.  sam is a thicc spanish girl and emma is white.  throughout the class i had smelled a mixture of propane, b.o, and eggs (propane being the most prominent smell).  i knew it was emma, but was reluctant to sniff to much because i was kinda scared that it might have actually been a male fart and i'm not into men.  that was the case until i looked at emma and saw that she was blushing quite a bit.  later towards the end of class emma and sam were talking around me (i was in between them) and they were discussing the smell and sam noticed it was coming from emma, and said \"oh my god did you like crap your pants?\" and proceeded to laugh at her.  but because the smell had gone away and there wasn't any farts left to experience i got up and talked to my friends.", "hey, i am 24 years old, 5'10'', 160 lbs (dad bodish), white guy looking for a night stand. i am only going to be in seattle for today and tomorrow and am looking for something to do in my hotel room. my ideal night stand has long legs, sturdy, and i have no preference on color, antique or modern is perfectly fine. if you have what i am looking for please dm through reddit or we can chat through kik or snapchat. also, i guess we could have sex but i really am looking for that nightstand.", "BASED ON A TRUE Back in I used to have a petite chinese FWB she was smaller tits but a nice petite figure with a nice round ass cute face and long black She would basically follow me around everywhere I went and whenever we were alone so would beg me to make out with her touch her and one day I took her to the back of the school told her to get on her knees I massaged her small but firm tits while she played with my cock so I could get hard and I still remember how she would gently lick the tip and suck on it while looking up at me with her sharp eyes it was the hottest Not being able to resist anymore I grabbed her by her beautiful black hair and force my dick deep inside her mouth making her gag and cough a bit but she loved to service my cock so she took it all untill I came all over her cute little face and mouth I have a huge asian fetish so looking for a relationship like that You have to necesseraly be its a huge bonus if you We could play on kik send pics or just keep it text and play here either is fine Kinks are sloppy blowjobs and huge cumshots and asians rough anal and many many more", "join in and show me whatever you want! i don't have a cam or anything, but you can check my post history for pics of me if you want! [https://www.rabb.it/melmelon](https://www.rabb.it/melmelon)", "so many messages, i will message you all my kik over the next few days so that we can get to ratings i'm going to sleep soon but will hopefully get to you all at some point in the next few days", "hello stranger,  i'm just another fellow stranger redditor. if you are reading this, then that means you are just as curious and spontaneous as i am. to be honest, i just got out of a long-term relationship and just want to have some kinky, sexy, spontaneous fun.  honestly, i've never done this before, but i've read success stories and it seems so thrilling and it is something that i want to try. i'll be in san antonio all next week, but will only be available on monday night (december 3) - i'll have a nice hotel room by the airport.  the thought of a stranger coming into my hotel during a business trip and just giving me a blowjob is so exciting and invigorating. i would love to go down the elevator and make eye contact with you from across the lobby. then you can meet me in the elevator and we can tease and tempt each other on the way up to my room. i'd slowly start to undress you as we walk down the hallway and once we get in to the room and shut the door - well that you'll just have to wait and experience.  a little bit about me - i'm 23, 5'7, average weight - 175lbs. i'm clean, kind, and honest. i'm a working business professional and i'm looking for someone as spontaneous as me to come join me. i can come to you, i could host, or we can have some public fun. people say i'm a funny and witty person, so hopefully you'll enjoy your time with me with some good conversation also.  if you prefer, we could always meet up for a drink before and get to know each other and calm some nerves down or just keep it mysterious - up to you!  i'm down for any ages, race, and body type. all i care about is if your clean and kind - bonus if you are funny and can make me laugh! if you would like me to reciprocate, then i would love to. if not, then i will let you do your thing all night long! if we go any further than oral, we must use protection for both of our safety!  anyways, i hope to hear from you soon! send me a dm and we can get to know each other and work out the details. lets make this success story happen!", "kik: i geo2000 i", "Bi bottom looking for a dude to dominate me or have Send pics and see where it", "Searching for someone to exchange pics and spending the afternoon at home so im bored and want to get these is", "hey.. so, i am a submissive bi male, and i am absolutely addicted to sucking huge cocks.   i have recently discovered i also love hearing dominant men talk about what they would do to women i want with said huge cocks. (or them watching me be your bitch)  i have come to believe that dominant men with big, fat cocks are my superiors. they can have, and should have anything they want. their cocks should be worshiped at all times.. obsessed over.  i love being called names, and teased. i've always wanted a female friend to talk dirty to me about this.  if any of that interests you, we should talk!", "[https://gfycat.com/dazzlingglamorousavocet](https://gfycat.com/dazzlingglamorousavocet)", "nu rata ultimele zile de black friday cu reducere 10% la orice articol care nu beneficiaza de o reducere deja!!! www.artimgroup.ro alegerea perfecta pentru planurile tale!", "hey arad, particularly the women of arad.  &#x200b;  looking at [https://www.reddit.com/r/weddingsgonewild/](https://www.reddit.com/r/weddingsgonewild/) there are a lot of photoshoots of brides and their bridesmaids in lingerie, sometimes topless, posing suggestively but tastefully -- and also a lot of sets of the getting-ready process, with the bride's friends and family helping her dress.  &#x200b;  i used to work in wedding photography, in the uk, and obviously know this is a 'thing', but have only shot two sets myself - one of bridal boudoir (the girl on her own, photos for her husband-to-be) and one subtle, tasteful getting-ready set (lingerie, implied topless, lots of soft light).  &#x200b;  i wonder if these kinds of shoots are becoming more common. i completely understand getting sexy shots for your man of course, but the idea of a shoot with your friends and maybe sisters is a little more unusual for me. anyone who's done it, was it at all awkward or uncomfortable (at first, anyway?) did you do your shoots separately, and did the bridesmaids get their pictures done for themselves, for their partners, or maybe just to mark the occasion -- or as a girls' bonding day, like a spa session?  &#x200b;  brides, were you fine with having your friends help you into a dress, and have photos taken of the experience? the examples i've seen are all topless, with cute underwear -- nice pictures, but they don't leave a lot to the imagination! maybe people are just getting more daring?", "open to ideas. just bored and let's see what we come up with lol. kik chadwell777", "i'm looking to make a new friend. a nice, big dicked, guy that i can take out to brunch, watch movies with, fuck like mad, and probably take shopping. i'm not picky about the guy, i just want someone chill and fun.   sexually, i'm pretty experienced and need it pretty often. you'll probably up in me a couple times a week. most days i'll just let you decide where to cum. personally, i like it when guys wayyy up in me.", "Anyone want to play No limits ask anything you want will answer Preferably Pm for Kik", "i want to get better at sucking dick, i want to be able to have someone local to blow and make the feel happy.   if you like blowjobs and a submissive bottom/fem acting but not dressing, then you might like me   if you live close to vermont and florence then you are super close and very highly to be chosen.   im disease free, a gay gamer, and open minded. seeking someone close to please.", "jay 0929", "i love pulsing penises- i've always been super turned on by the sight, feel, and taste of when a guy's dick throbs hard when he cums for me. obviously it pulses some just to shoot your cum, but some pulsing seems waaay stronger than others. i have some questions though for those guys willing to answer.  most times i've been with a guy when he cums, his dick gets harder and balls sort of tighten just before, but sometimes they actually pulse and throb.  is this something all guys do?  are there some guys who don't or some who always pulse hard when they cum?  also, is that different from when a guy's balls pulse because they don't always seem to happen together?  i've asked my fiance and his answer was that he only does when he gets turned on for a long time.  are there some of you who can control it making it happen more or clamping down to happen less?  do you notice you shoot more or further when you pulse harder?  thank you all for your answers!", "i'm a pretty straightforward person so i'll just get straight to why i'm here and then go into more detail underneath:   - i'm looking for both short-term and long-term friends with or without benefits. - i'm married and i love my wife very much. this will not change so please keep that in mind. - i'm looking for casual relationships only but that doesn't mean i won't be a loyal and kind friend. - i'm inexperienced in bdsm but consider myself a switch. though i tend to have more submissive fantasies. - i'm overweight and would love to find someone in the same boat who would like to have both a weight loss and kink partner.  ---  ### my marriage  my wife and i have an open relationship and have had one for years now. i just want to get that out of the way up front. we're very happy together and we are still sexually intimate but we both have kinks and desires the other can't fulfill. having an open marriage has only enhanced our happiness and helped us be more open about our sexuality with each other. i don't need to go into too many details about my wife. just know that i am not looking for a serious relationship since her and i are already happily married. you should also know that we are not involved in each other's external sexual relationships, though we've been known to hang out just as friends on occasion.  ### i'm looking for an overweight person.  weird header i know :p  i have a challenge for anyone reading this who is also overweight and has a strong desire to lose it. i had a brief bout with depression a couple years ago and as a result i gained a lot of weight. i developed bad habits during that time and they have been hard to break. as a result i have avoided pursuing sexual relationships because i've been far too self-conscious to put myself out there until i can win this battle and dump the fat. depriving myself of sexual encounters doesn't particularly help with motivation and kind of creates a cycle of self-defeat where i eat to compensate and then worsen my situation and deprive myself further.  my wife came up with the idea to mitigate my lack of confidence and help me reach my weight loss goal by seeking others in a similar situation. i really liked that idea, so here i am! i'm 5'11\" and currently hovering around 300 lbs ([pic](https://i.imgur.com/i63tjsd.png)). i'm looking to get back to my normal weight around 225 lbs ([pic1](https://i.imgur.com/n0luimw.png),[pic2](https://i.imgur.com/nod8pu1.png)). so i have about 75 lbs to lose. nothing would motivate me more than having someone to lose that weight with while sharing in our kinks at the same time.  if you are in a similar situation please reach out to me. i'd like to think i'm a pretty respectful guy and i'd love to get to know you. we can enjoy the understanding we'd share as we try to conquer our weight loss demons together and we can reward each other with the kinky fun we both want.  ### men and women welcome  i've considered myself mostly straight all my life but that's mostly related to regular relationships. my fascination with bdsm transcends my sexual orientation. i'm a switch but definitely tend to mostly fantasize about being submissive, especially with men.  ---  if you're reading this and you're interested, say hi! if you're like me then you might be super self-conscious about your weight and/or appearance. please know that i'm far more attracted to mature, honest, genuine, hygienic people than anything else. i do not judge appearances and if i like the person inside your head then i will probably like you :)  that said, while appearances might not be the most important thing to me i know they might be to you (no judgement at all, people like what they like) so please feel free to browse [my pictures](https://imgur.com/a/564bzhi). first picture is a picture of my wife and i at thanksgiving 2018 so it is a recent picture. that is obviously me at 300 lbs. the rest of my pictures are pictures i uploaded years ago when i was at my proper weight so you have an idea of what to look forward to should you decide to take me up on my weight loss challenge!", "message me. no old or chubby guys sorry", "I know that this actually working is a bit of a long shot but you miss all of the shots you So a normal guy kind of decent looking and would love to get a been a while since gotten some good head and would like to change that sometime As long as this post is up feel free to message me so we can chat and get to know each other a bit", "[https://gfycat.com/shychiefalabamamapturtle](https://gfycat.com/shychiefalabamamapturtle)  for higher quality downloads - i'm on tumbler, give me a shout - [https://thecyberporn.tumblr.com/](https://thecyberporn.tumblr.com/)", "does anyone have anymore content or a name of this lovely lady proudly showing her goods?  https://m.imgur.com/a/yuw0so7", "i'm flying in chicago tonight and will be at the swissotel later on. i'm looking for someone to have some fun with in my hotel room. i really want to shower with you and rub you while you stroke my cock and we make out, and then we take it to the bed. i'll have condoms with me.  if it comes down to it, i can take care of your gas money  average fit, 6' 2\", experienced. just wanting to de-stress, so pm me your kik or snapchat and we can get it going.", "", "if you're interested in starting a group about how much you'd like to get and/or give anal, hit me up at imyurhuckleberry.", "doing cock tributes over the next hour.  love pretty faces, nudes, wives, moms, gf's, any cute girls 18+  send via kik to ri fii  send one picture at a time  no needless chit chat!", "looking to get off and need help snap is gr8sooner", "Watch", "i have the rest of the day free and i really wanna use that time to suck someone off. i've been really horny as of late and i need a cock in my mouth. inexperienced cock sucker here, but i'm hoping to get better. let's have a fun rainy day! ;) pm me through here or pm your kik, and we can discuss this more.", "Ever wondered what it was like to find a guy who can hold a conversation using actual words in a Get to know one another before we metaphorically rip each others clothes off and have sweaty i but honestly i would enjoy a conversation which will include all sorts of sex talk once we get the usual pleasantries out of the BIG bonus if you are in Houston or Texas period as i do some traveling for work which means we could have coffee in person and chat online is sexy as I am a Texas kinky and Come get to know I cannot", "stroking my hard black dick add if you want to see, calbbc235", "&#x200b;   i know it sounds crazy. but hear me out on this. it was my day off after eleven days of working straight, so, i figured i deserved a lazy day. i binged on netflix and youtube for a while, and after getting bored of those two things, i decided to go onto reddit.  &#x200b;  r/nosleep is my favorite community, and i frequent it quite a bit. it's hard not to get entertained on a forum like this one, and i've grown attached. i was browsing through the posts, and clicked on my umpteenth one, the enticement too strong.   &#x200b;  i decided to go onto r/twosentencehorror after browsing r/nosleep for so long. the fifth or so post down had an interesting title, so, naturally, i clicked on it. my name was in the textbox, but the rest of the post was jumbled and nonsensical.   &#x200b;  \"wnko uoy i herwe vlie, ouy em leespa likl elt blair whineburk.\"  &#x200b;  &#x200b;  my name isn't common, it can't be. i reported the post immediately after deciphering it. i was anxious for the rest of the day, unsure of what to do. i went into my group chat with friends and showed them the post. they insisted i was pranking them, offering no advice or help. i was frustrated and at my wits end with this dilemma.   &#x200b;  i received this message yesterday.  \"i know it was you who reported my post and had it removed. i will give you two days to resolve this issue. \"  [this is the post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/twosentencehorror/comments/a0gkq6/for every step i took an echo scattered/)  &#x200b;  after reading the message, reddit closed on my phone. after tapping it countless times, it finally opened. it went to the page where you can log in or sign up. that was weird, considering i never log out. i tried logging in, and it wouldn't let me. i tried changing my password, and it still wasn't working.  &#x200b;  i logged onto my second account to see if someone had hacked me, and there were a few pictures posted. the first few were extremely blurry, as if someone was running when they took the picture. i kept scrolling down and found a picture that was somewhat decent, and i clicked on it. it was a picture of a shed with graffiti on it, stating, \"i warned you. \"  &#x200b;  the more i looked at the picture, the more familiar it seemed. shock and terror took over, my entire body feeling like it was covered in ice. i didn't want to move, but i had to. after what seemed like an eternity, i got up and walked to my back door. on the way there i had turned on every light on the inside and outside of the house. i opened the door, and slowly stepped out back.  &#x200b;  there it was. plain as day, sprayed onto my shed. my ear perked at the sound of something moving around in my backyard. i glanced behind me ever so slightly. in the corner of my fenced in yard, was a black figure. the only thing i could make out in the dark was the bright yellow eyes. i squeaked in fear and ran back into my house, locking every single door and window in record time.  &#x200b;  i resorted to hiding in my closet upstairs, phone in hand. i didn't know what to do or how to feel. i only knew that someone was watching me outside. a knocking came from downstairs. it was soft at first. it grew louder and louder, until it sounded like someone was throwing boulders at my door. i quivered and unlocked my phone, dialing 911.  &#x200b;  i heard the sirens coming, and i ran downstairs and outside. \"you shouldn't have done that. you have been warned for the last time. you have exactly 24 hours. \" a voice came from beside my house, rushing me and holding me up against my door. it's breathe reeked, the stench of death and smoke. i cried and soiled myself, begging the thing to let me go and leave me alone.  &#x200b;  it snarled at me and ran away, letting me slump to the ground as i continued to cry. i told the police everything i could. they looked skeptical, and they made me consider that i was crazy. especially when an officer came inside and told me there was no graffiti on my shed.  &#x200b;  they told me to call if anything else happened, and then left. i went to my room after ensuring the house was secure and tried to sleep. when the darkness wouldn't consume me, i decided to get up and go back downstairs. coffee and reddit. no shower or binge-watching this time.  &#x200b;  i still couldn't get into my original account, so i settled on my second one. i tried searching for the account of the story that i reported, and nothing came up. i was confused as it had just existed less than a week ago. why would he delete it?  &#x200b;  my phone vibrated and a text popped up. \"less than 14 hours. hurry up. \" i screamed and threw my phone against the wall. i couldn't do this.  &#x200b;  i packed a light bag and left my house. i decided to grab my laptop in case i needed to reach out.  &#x200b;  it's friday now. it hasn't been able to find me since i left. i don't stay in one town for too long. i always wanted to travel, but not under these circumstances. it still sends me messages, now to my email. i can't get rid of my laptop, because i need some way of contacting the outside world beyond hotels and my car.  &#x200b;  it has told me the horrible things it wants to do to me. stab my eyes out with a toothpick, cut open my stomach and rip my entrails out while i watch. cut off all my limbs.  &#x200b;  i'm typing this out to ask for help. and, on the chance that you see this, i'm sorry for reporting your post. it didn't get taken down so i don't understand the issue. you can't just post shit like that!   wnko uoy i herwe vlie, ouy em leespa likl elt blair whineburk   \"i know where you live. please let me kill you blair whineburk.\"   i left my goddamn home over a reddit post. this is so fucking-  &#x200b;  oh, another email. with a picture attached.  &#x200b;  fuck. it's me in my car.", "So a pretty in shape attractive guy but all of my relationships fail because of tiny useless I fall for girls pretty easy and j get very attracted to women but im unable to give any of them the fucks they crave because they all have been open with me about how small I am and how awesome a big thick dick also just not very dominant no matter how much Instead of trying to fight this and denie it like most small guys do and embarrass myself decided to accept that bigger cocks are way more satisfying to I will never have I started feeling very turned on by the idea of being weaker and Big cocks have always intimidated me but I didnt realize how submissive they make me I felt like that was the universe telling me a weaker submissive guy like me who cant satisfy a woman belongs on his knees worshiping the real cocks who never felt happier and I have lots of videos of me sucking like a good boy to Would love to share the full story with the ladies and talk about why big dicks are so much better and how sad my dick is Looking for someone not afraid to be mean and honest because I love hearing the truth especially if it makes me feel weak and", "we are a 30f/26m couple looking to be a part of the bdsm scene in the dfw area. what are some  good websites to find meet ups and clubs in the area?", "i'm early 20s, 100 lbs, 5'5 im looking for someone who's interested in doing couple's stuff. (3ways!)  generous daddies to the front of the line. dm me and send me some pics", "Hey just a horny boy in need of some help with my Pm for Kik", "i'm new to this sub and i'm confused. does everyone on here hate her and think she's disgusting? any content that appears on here is immediately torn apart, it's like people are here more to talk shit than jerk off. it's just confusing. i guess i should clarify that i didn't watch her on boy meets world so i don't have a back catalogue of feeling for her. anyway, just curious. thanks.", "so i'm really into magic: the gathering. are there any games like that except with,  you know, naked ladies instead of monsters?  thanks!", "Looking for a buddy 18 to 23", "down for trading or whatever. would love to create a long time sexting but thats not necessary", "can provide proof if needed...  we can meet up for drinks, conversation, or whatever else we want! looking forward to hearing from you, ladies.", "Hi stuck around the office and having a slow hoping to pass the time through the day sharing my fantasies and talking about mine love to see my asian milf wife in a gangbang ending up in her covered in PM me with a scenario if you want to role play this with", "25 m 8in sub fag looking to be watched on live cam by younger doms. make me spread my hole andbeat my cock for you. show face/feet. no nudes. just watch me expose myself for you like a fag @manspreadout", "you're very busy, and stressed, and probably woke up squirming a bit, horny, panties dampening.  why not use a boy toy to get off? you can get ready for your day, have breakfast, or just take a minute to take exactly what kind of relief you want. you're the busy woman, i'm just a toy to be used, a seat for your relief.  send me pictures or gifs of how you want to use me, i can caption them or send more, or just have a quick, filthy chat.  kinks include: facesitting, cock worship, ass worship, anal, rimming, cum play, watersports, free use, and more!", "i have always had a thing for older women , could never stop thinking about my mothers friends when i was younger and even now older ladies excite me to no end.  if you are in the mood to have some fun with a fit younger guy , pm me your kik. i am into pic trading , live chat and even more if we kick it off.", "Roommates are gone for the I have the place to Feeling very horny and want to edge and jerk off for a while before only into chubby guys Preferably older than I like being submissive and being told what to do by a kinky I have a pic on my post history if Message me on snapchat or kik with your age and", "(18+ characters as well as real life aswell)  there had been some recent outbreak of some sort of disease that allowed men to become women and women to become men. it was quite the sight as people with o- blood type were affected the most. recently your buddy danny has fallen ill and passed out in the same apartment you both shared and out of panic you callled the ambulance and sent me to the hospital. its been a few hours since waiting for me before the doctor came back out to tell you the situation. doc: so.. um.. you see.. you friend danny.. he.. has contracted. gender biomorphism.. also known as gb.. he... well hes going to be fine.. well.. as fine as a healthy young women could be (my kik is youtoober12331.  if you read this please say orange)", "I want to suck my first dick and take it in my ass afterwards while we look at fit college girls I 420 can host Pm if interested", "hey guys,   i'm talking you lay there with your eyes closed, feeling my warm wet mouth embrace all of you...slowly, softly with a lot of passion! hopefully you're down to recip :) i prefer more mature gents but all are welcome to apply! please have snapchat, it's the only place i will exchange pics!  thanks :)", "hey everyone! i've been in the mood for a really creative roleplay for a while so i thought what better genre to go with than science fiction. i've always loved sci-fi, there's so many directions you can go with it, and i have a few ideas for anyone who feels the same way. ideally, i'm looking for something longterm and story-driven, so i don't just want to jump right into the dirty stuff.  one idea i had was one or both of us are interstellar explorers who've been marooned on a strange alien planet with no means to contact our home base. we make contact with a race of humanoid beings that are native to the planet. they could be primitive or highly advanced, either could be very fun. in this scenario i was thinking one of us would play the explorer and the other would play a member, or multiple members, of the alien civilization. alternatively, we could both be human explorers and have to work together to find a way to contact our base while working out whether the aliens are genuinely friendly, or more insidious.  another idea i had was one of us is the lone crew member and captain of some sort of starship, on a long, lonely voyage of some kind. maybe an exploratory mission, but that's not really important for the story. they see a field of space debris, like a space station that was once in the area had somehow been destroyed. they scan for signs of life in the wreckage and find some sort of stasis chamber, think the alien franchise or a cryotube from futurama. the captain wakes up the sleeping person and find they've been in stasis for some incredible amount of time, several decades or even more. there are several ways this prompt could go as well. does the survivor find solace in the arms of their rescuer? or if you're interested in non-con maybe the survivor was a member of a failed rebellion whose members and families were subjugated by the winners of a civil war? or it could be as simple as the captain forcing the survivor to pay for their rescue with their body.  finally, something that could be fun to explore would be that in the distant future, humanity makes contact with a humanoid, advanced alien species. the aliens are willing to share their massive wealth of knowledge and technology with humans in exchange for one thing. the aliens are on the brink of extinction and need to mate with humans to ensure the survival of their species. in this scenario, we could either be the first pair to try the breeding process as a proof of concept, or it could be well past that and we're only one of many inter-species couples now.  of course, if you have any ideas of your own you've been wanting to play out, i'd love to hear about them. i'm very open-minded as far as kinks and fetishes go, with some of my favorites being dom/sub (i'm a switch so i can play as either), futas (i think it could be interesting if the alien species from my prompts only have one gender with both sets of genitalia, or even just feminine bodies with cocks), and body worship. [here](https://i.imgur.com/659f3wz.png) is a full list of my kinks, i haven't updated it in a while but it's mostly almost all still accurate. my only limits are scat, snuff, and vore. anything else, i'm willing to at least try :)  any other questions you might have, feel free to message me and ask. as long as this post is up, i'm still looking. i hope to hear from you :)", "Looking for a fun girl to trade", "i'm pairing down my collection and have the following items for sale. prices do not include shipping. all items should be in g4 condition with minor shelf wear, and i'm happy to answer any questions.  [https://imgur.com/a/goncyr4](https://imgur.com/a/goncyr4)  if you want the whole thing, i'll drop the price to  $150 + shipping which saves about $130 on the individual prices.  sweet emotions,  (project-h) $5  ring x mama vol. 1-3,  (project-h) $15  love on the job vol. 1-3,  (project-h) $15  the tale of boobs: chichi monogatari,  (project-h) $5  tender hearts, (project-h) $5  cute devil girlfriend, (project-h) $5  the dirty triangle,  (project-h) $5  with love from mochizuki,  (project-h) $5  escape from grace vol. 1,  (project-h) $5  triple mix!,  (project-h) $5  power play!, (project-h) $5  with a dictionary and no skirt,  (project-h) $5  her sensitive spot, (project-h) $5  virgin games,  (project-h) $5  alluring woman, (fakku!) $10  elements,  (icarus) $5  sister summer,  (icarus) $5  erosister,  (icarus) $5  evanescent passion, (icarus) $5  patch work,  (icarus) $5  innocence,  (icarus) $5  cheerful eros project,  (icarus) $5  pink sniper,  (eros) $5  milk mama, (eros) $5  secret honey of the moon,  (eros) $5  la blue girl vol. 1-2, 4-6,  (manga 18) $15  hot for teacher dvd $3  mail order maiden 28 dvd $3  stepmother's sin dvd $3  teacher's pet vol. 1-4 dvd $5  princess 69 dvd $3  love lessons vol. 1-2 dvd $3  minamoto-kun monogatari vol. 1-6 in japanese $20  hatsukoi limited vol. 1-4 in japanese $14  tenraku akuma! demon's core vol. 1-2 in japanese $7  ntr netsuzou trap vol. 1-3, (seven seas) $12  trinity seven vol. 1-3, (yen press) $12  hybrid x heart vol. 1-3, (yen press) $12  voices of love, (luvluv) $3  scumbag loser, (yen press) $5  welcome to the nhk light novel (tokyopop) $2  okimono kimono (dark horse) $1  kana de manga, kanji de manga vol. 1-2 (manga university) $1  serial experiments lain dvd or vcd(from singapore, possible bootleg) $2  sakamoto desu ga? dvd in japanese $2  kano kon dvd (media blaster dvds only work in certain dvd players) $2   battle royale dvd $1", "kik @ alexlevan911   hung cocks are more welcome", "Hey Feeling very horny right 23 year old athletic and fit guy looking for females for a chat and maybe we can cum Hit me ladies of all ages and size My kik id is kevinbobo1907", "i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+   let's imagine i'm a guy who made an add on internet. i'm looking for a hung guy to have fun with my girlfriend. what would you do? what would you say and ask to me? let's rp the conversation, i'll add pics too. keep in mind that this is a sexting rp. then if you want we'll eventually do an actual scene with her too. also, pics don't have to be real, they can even just be from the internet. message me in character already.   kik: deezgees", "http://imgur.com/a/t5wbdtn", "if you've added me before hmu again", "lexia721", "I find any options to turn off blurred in preferences on", "if this is something up your alley, feel free to say hello. banter between two dirty and imaginative minds can be quite fun.", "want to meet for some car play tonight while being video taped.", "I am and all participants and characters must be Hey looking for a girl that would like to play as a it matter what kinda animal you choose as long as you feel comfortable playing open to many ideas so we can take this Rp in many but I would prefer either a BF GF where a human who is dating a furry Or one where I find you or kidnap you forcing you to please The first one will include more loving moments as the second is more aggressive maybe even share you with my But also open to hear your ideas We can discuss kinks or more specific details on If your interested please message me at CaliRevolver", "this will be her 3rd year in a row for the trip; third year in a row playing with her ex.  she spends 2 nights with him during the week long vacation.  if you are interested in asking questions about this situation send me your kik.", "yes, you read that correctly. we are three doms that want to train attention starved little you.    most profiles for m4f are similar, but let us explain the differences that go beyond just the number of us.   * **we aren't in any rush to find our perfect sub.** before we invest our time into training the proper sub, we want to make sure there is a nice fit all around.  so don't be shy, if this post is still up, shoot us a message. * **corruption is a slow process.** we take our time, slowly incrementing our tasks as you descend into depravity. we won't jump straight to the \"end\", just so we can get some pics of you and ghost. immense pleasure comes to those who wait. do you want the quick shallow orgasm or the one that builds to the point that a single naughty thought sets you ablaze?  * **we have collective experience of many years in bdsm in multiple areas.** all of us doms specialize in a unique skill set ranging from wardrobe play to behavioral modification to make sure our little sub turns into the perfect slut.  * **we don't take ourselves too seriously.** our lives aren't built around bdsm, it's only small part. we have dreams, hobbies, and goals that encompass our desires.  * **d/s dynamic built on great chemistry.** we all met at an investor conference and have been friends since then.  **summary of us**:    we're all in our early thirties, fit, hung, white, tall, extremely well-off, and all live along different major cities (seattle, sf, & la) on the west coast. we wanted to train a sub in this arrangement because we're extremely busy, but still want to participate in the bdsm space. additionally, we found that together we can create a better sub than if we worked individually.    interests: humiliation, public play, orgasm denial, teasing, wardrobe control, corruption, spanking, choking, punishments, rope play, and word play.    we are not into gore/bathroom play/underage or anything illegal. we'd like to keep it online in a group kik chat with the potential to meet in person well down in the future.  **summary of you:**   a female sub between 18-40 that is open-minded, intelligent, curious, and shares similar interests. preference for those subs that enjoy the misogyny fetish, free-use, and public humiliation.  **next steps:** tell us about yourself, your looks, your last fantasy that you finished to, and why we should move forward with you. preference to those that include sfw links in their message.      this post will be up until we find our damsel that wants to be distressed.", "i'll be straightforward and say that i am pre-hrt. more often than not i am in boy mode when i go out in public, but i'm working on it. i don't want to mislead or waste anyone's time. i'm a bigger girl, 6' and 224lbs, but i've lost 56lbs in the last seven months and i'm still going ahead strong :) my hair is blue and purple right now, and maybe gonna go with pink in a few weeks?  that said, i'm super nerdy. i play a ton of video games, as well as tabletop and board games. right now i'm pretty into total war warhammer 2, and dabbling again in destiny 2.  super kinky, totally submissive. i love being tied up, impact play, rough play, am sort of a size queen (but in down for anyone, really), and willing to explore most other things as well.  lastly, i'd love to meet some other trans friends to chat with about life and pretty much anything else as well.", "ShrekOnVHS a bit on the chubby", "i adore getting on my knees to service and suck a cock, bobbing on it, drooling, and completely devoting myself to worshiping it. i love when a man holds me by my hair and isn't afraid to push me down, to make me gag and choke on it as i struggle to keep up with the pace and adapt my throat to his cock. i love when the gagging gives way to a warm rush of vomit that covers his cock in the last things i ate, and then being so aroused that we both embrace the filth and disgusting nature of the moment, stroking his cock with puke or letting him watch me lick and re-eat it up as if i were some worthless puke slut.   if you enjoy messes like this:  https://thumbs.gfycat.com/bogusdistortedcollardlizard-mobile.mp4  https://thumbs.gfycat.com/fearfulmilkybluejay-mobile.mp4  https://thumbs.gfycat.com/reasonablegrouchyflatfish-mobile.mp4  https://g.redditmedia.com/tbrzslv6ntji14v69ybfyzqwtlz-kr4xemuje2 mmd8.gif?w=230&fm=mp4&mp4-fragmented=false&s=2ddd42ef065201e9e7d85316a0d00200   pm me to chat and roleplay! :)", "i'm very open and into basically everything. love buds who are descriptive and enjoy discussing fantasys", "32 year old sadistic daddy from Ohio who is looking for a filthy What looking for is something long dirty and Mixing the filthiest kinks and most degrading tasks with sweet cute pet names and lots of something so alluring to the contrast of saying something incredibly filthy with a sweet or doing something so mean while telling you what a good girl I want to warp your abuse your thoughts wants and I want to make you drip while I degrade and tease Edging you and denying you a keeping you desperate and begging to serve in hopes earn the right to finally not looking for a quick play I am looking for someone to build rapport communicate with and really mesh together My kinks include hole Please message me with or just your", "basically i want something to hide. ive been a good boy for a long time and right now i just want a flirty girl to send me naughty snaps that i always have to try and keep hidden while im at work or at family functions. people are always grabbing my phone and using it so there is always a chance of us getting caught. that rush kinda turns me on. so basics are: send me naughty snaps (you can decide how naughty), we chat every once in a while, you get a guy who will shower you with compliments, i will never show them to anyone since well i am scared of getting caught.  other things: be single, 26-32, female, nice body", "hi there! i am looking for a fun submissive/switch type person for an interesting idea that's been floating around in my head for a little while. i've had fun playing games like truth or dare with other subs in the past and wanted to add an extra spin on that. how would you feel about the idea of an orgasm competition? essentially we would take turns giving the other tasks to see who can make the other cum first and the loser would have to do something. does this interest you at all? pm me!!", "really want to see and buy them if so. thanks!", "Tell me your thoughts sissy kik teegrey12345", "i'm always curious about other couples and their sex lives. pm your kik if you want to chat", "hi there,  32 married man here. wife and i are swingers with an open relationship. looking for ladies who want to have fun with me or can be my wife and i together. i work from home so i'm available during the day. if you'd like to have fun with my wife and i it'd have to be nights.   message me if you're interested and we can chat a bit before meeting to make sure we click!", "Hey I was chatting with another girl last night on and she told me about this so happy that a community like this exists So a bit about very and occasionally like to be a wild I graduated from university just over a year ago and have been working in a professional job say that for the past few years been getting more adventurous in my thoughts and which has led me on a few occasions to do things that rather keep A few of my good friends were always slutty and really but everyone has pretty much settled down with and left me to fend for myself Since I work in a professional I tend to keep my adventures to The first story choosing to share actually happened just a few weeks ago and I still get myself off thinking about In fact I got myself off to it this morning before which is why telling it now Long story I had to go to Vancouver for work for almost a full We arrived in Vancouver late afternoon and I was exhausted from the so I pretty much just crashed until the next I woke up around 7 am feeling great and starting getting ready for breakfast and the work It was me and 2 other both senior to me and much older never hook up with anyone from work for obvious Since I was the only female they left me pretty much undisturbed in my own room when not We had a schedule that day that went until around 6 pm so I was expecting a long I usually try to dress up a little extra for when first meeting new clients professional reasons never hook up with a so I went with a my tightest pencil skirt above the black and The day went by and I caught a couple of the clients staring at my ass throughout the day When we finished for the my and one guy from our group asked if I wanted to join them for some drinks at the hotel I agreed and had like 3 shots of tequila over the 30 minutes I spent with not that I because I do but never had a high After 5 or 6 shots I get very sloppy so I had to avoid accidentally drinking too much around The client was starting to get a little close and flirty to and I decided to go to my room before ruining my professional reputation for either getting too drunk or hooking up with the client I realized how tipsy I was on the way back to my but I was also starving after not eating since In my state I managed to order a salad and fruit from room service and lay on the bed waiting watching the room spin There was finally a knock on the door and I sprang up as best as I could and opened I was unintentionally rude because I flung the door barely looked or said anything to the and just stumbled back to sit on the edge of the bed as he wheeled in the I looked over and saw myself in the mirror and realized I even taken my heels I was just laying around with them on for like 45 In the middle of drunkenly making fun of myself in my own I realized that I was alone in my hotel room with a random He was young and average maybe a bit I asked him how old he was and if he had a He told me he that he was 20 and worked room service as a job in the and he have a He seemed pretty intimated by me which I thought was I asked him what he liked to do for fun and he told me he loved raves and While making flirty small talk I told him that we should pretend the room is a and I told him to turn on a music channel on the He kind of but when he realized I was serious he did He then literally froze when I started grinding on I knew I was past the point of no return so as soon as I felt him get hard I turned around started making out with While were kissing I unzipped his pants and started playing with He was cut which I but about average I asked him if ever fucked a complete and he just looked at me flush red and barely responded want So I went down and sucked him until he got then I took off my stockings and let him pull up my He fucked me missionary and doggy style for a total of maybe 10 He anything but I was so horny from the entire situation that I came super hard pretty I let him cum in my mouth and then I pretty much rushed him out of the room and never saw him Never even learned his Never told a soul about I hope you guys enjoyed that story lol because I got wet all over Is there verification for this I mind posting a verification pic that include my entire face", "my gf is at work, and sadly didnt help out before leaving.  im straight, hung, talland, brown hair, blue eyes  danield1254", "a dominant man looking for a woman to play I like all shapes and into eating piss and Open to almost anything so let me know if a kinky little in but you can be from Pm", "i have to a few hours to kill tomorrow while in birmingham and was curious if anyone else could help it go by faster. pm me if you're free", "we could share pics and vids while doing the act, dm for username", "any online here", "I am All characters and participants must be Hello I am guy who likes roleplaying a and I have about 5 years of roleplaying I am fluent in English and can write from a few lines up to a detailed Now for the roleplay I have a scenario that really like to play but I find anyone to do And where you come into As an exchange for playing my I will play out any of your No matter the settings No matter how fucked up your ideas I will do All I ask from you is good grammar and I make mistakes too since English my mother but trying my best not to make If interested at I look forward to hearing from Zarfirbel168 If you read this put the word somewhere in your opening", "32 year old male looking for interested females that browse through here hoping i get lucky. i can travel anywhere in the boroughs. fetishes include blowjobs (in my car or at my place) recording / pictures with phone (not necessary), sexting, submissive women, performing anal, light bdsm, various others. i also like to buy gifts like lingerie and toys.   sfw pics: https://imgur.com/a/ndsgt6h  nsfw pics: upon request  more on kik if you it dm me ( adzig8 )", "6' white. i've tried this before with no luck. i'm looking for a girl who can fuck and suck on a regular occasion around the jacksonville area. check my post histroy for pics. i'm a sweet guy and love to conversate with a beautiful girl. but once i'm in the sheets i'm a freak, i will pump load after load into you. 420 friendly, dont be shy i dont bite !", "hellofriend986", "First attempt at You can skip to the for the good Names have been changed The very first time i saw Amy she had the biggest eyes and I introduced myself as her massage therapist and brought her back to my It was a 2 hour Her body was She is about with some nice c cup breast and an ass to die Throughout the massage it was your basic full body deep She would make comments like my How are you soooo I could definitely tell she was enjoying Every now and then i would catch her eyes watching me in a sultry look with a sly Our conversation was casual and i had mentioned i also do house She immediately said she was gonna need my So after the massage i gave her my Before she even left the clinic i had a message saying when can you come So i set up a 2 hour session with her for the next Saturday came pretty fast and I was in her apartment setting up in her She forgot to get cash so she went to the atm at the corner store really I set the table up in her bedroom and i noticed she had left out some vibrating I kind of chuckled and pushed them under the bed so she wouldnt be She came back and we started our I worked the and while she was face Our Conversation was basic at first then she swung it to a little more Asking if i ever had any massages that ended with happy endings or craziest thing ive I could have swung the conversation back to basic normal stuff but i was feeling a little She talked about her sexual exploits and asking me about It was a fun conversation i have to I told her to flip over and began working her As i went higher she spread her legs more and i could tell she was enjoying it and wanted me to go I went all the way to her panties but not any I was still feeling Amy What if she was just talking and not wanting any She would moan and bite her lip and occasionally saying are you sooo I worked her and I used her shirt to cover her breast while i worked her I asked her if she wanted her chest worked on and she immediately was on She threw her shirt off exposing her beautiful I messaged them with a firm stroke and made sure i worked her pectoral muscles as She seemed to be in She was staring at me in the most sexual way and i went from her chest to her stomach I would slowly go lower to her panty line and every so often i would slide a finger or two just between her waistband and pubic She kept responding positively and i asked her if this is what she She said that she would and closed her eyes and did her signature lip It was sooo fucking So i pulled her panties down to expose her shaved It is so beautiful words cant even I slowly rubbed her pussy to spread some oil on It was already soaking I went to work on her clit making small circles around it and seeing how her body was responding to my Her breathing got heavier and her hips began to gyrate as my finger went in circles around her now engorged She slowly moved her hand to my crotch and began rubbing it over my I told her to relax and just enjoy the moment and not worry about This was her She didnt As my speed increase her grip on my cock got She was moaning and i could tell she was about to I went faster and increased my pressure on her Her vibrator that i saw earlier was a stronger one so i knew she would probably need more stimulation so i increased my strokes and Then it Amy squirted and came so hard her whole body tensed then released when i She was in a complete relaxed stated when i told her be careful getting up and i went to wash my hands in her When i came out she was still in her panties looking for cloths to put It was a nice little show for She thanked me for that and we talked about how to proceed with future I told her that if she wanted a full release then i would be happy to do it for If she ever wanted to stop just let me She said that she would love to keep Her job had her working crazy hours and she was She said this would be the best arrangement she has ever We set up a on going appointment every weekend for 2 This was going to be", "looking to meet up with a cool chick to hang, smoke pot, and get naked if we feel like it. let me know if you want to hang. can host in east van, or come to you", "i think a lot about christine, no this is not a sex post.  i really feel for her; i could have been that way as well.  i grew up in california, land of pansies.  i did learn coping skills and tuned into my natural youth.  i'm like a young child, why should i be anything else.  i can't fake being something i'm not.  i wish i could be around christine for the sake he is like me enough to pass as a big brother or whatever the relationship develops into.  for that my hugs and cuddles will decide that part.  if she stinky for reals, i'll just end up with a flood of emotional, health, dietary and medical information, i probably can't process, having never dealt with such a mental download.  i know by the sound of her candy like voice that i would enjoy being around her.  the smells and all the natures of the house itself, might be another story, something i would have to experience for myself.  i do love her, but with the breaking of the spell, i just want to know what would happen if 100% jacob meets 100% christine.  i did several exorcisms of the love spell to know the real response to what i know about her.  yes, i would still curl up in her lap with my 230 lb bulk and crush her.  i hope he is built ford tough, his frame will goes through my crash tests.", "", "It is a cold morning here in Central There is nothing better than snuggling in bed or on the with a load of blankets and a beautiful Maybe even a cup of hot chocolate in my That is what I I want you to be the beautiful woman to join me in just for some pillow talk and some extracurricular You can use my body as your playground and I will certainly return the We can we can we can and everything in", "looking for either locals or tourists. currently in my hotel roo", "the big and the small. which one fucked the best, which ones didn't? among other things. can be just discussion or more.sext oriented.   petite transgirls apply as well.", "hmu. need a daddy. love a beard.  20++++ sc: mkeaton645 send pic", "Example", "i'm from around central jersey 9\" bbc pm me :). also look a my profile overview :)", "so horny, would love some help ;) no limits. pm for kik", "https://www.tumbex.com/kxtykxt5.tumblr/post/178774120777/baregirls-tits-out-for-a-bouncy-hike", "come one, come all. welcome to the kingdom of euriel, governed and overseen by me! marian, your vixen queen! i would like to welcome any and all to my beloved kingdom. here, sex is allowed publicly in the streets, you're allowed to start your own shop, brothel, or simply, become a town harlot! anything you do here is what you make of it. you might even get a shot with your curvy queen~. do message me!  kik is: apex.febreze   https://static1.e621.net/data/ab/e1/abe1c05ff513863498786cf8643f4f72.png  as for the second part of my post. i have some slots that need to be filled by futanaris, females, and a handful of submissive boys. feel free to message me about both, or one. just make sure you come on and savor the lovely marian~", "Cams Mics no", "wanting to buy nude fan signs", "watch here: https://flixtr.blogspot.com/2018/11/sweet-redhead-teen-michelle-having-sex.html?m=1", "i love looking at the special girls in your life (18+ only) and getting off to them. i don't want to see your dicks, but i will take pics/vids of me jacking off to your pics if i like them (if you want them). if they are really good i may even tribute them. **huge plus if you have them in bras or have their bras/pics of their bras**, will even cum on them if they are good enough. let's have some fun sharing the women in your life with a stranger. if you reallllly make me happy, i have some i can trade as well of the special women in my own life.", "hey there!  i'm happy that you stopped and check out my post.  as i said, i'm a 37m from the ri/boston area, i'm chubby, laid back, drama free.  i'm posting because i'm looking for someone that's up for a fwb relationship either online or maybe someone local.  it doesn't have to always be about playing and getting off, i really enjoy just talking throughout this he day about whatever.  a connection on the \"friendship\" level makes the playing all the more exciting.  i consider myself a bit kinky, i enjoy trying new things at least once, sharing pictures/videos, voice chat or if you're local and we \"click\" i wouldn't mind meeting up.  if you'd like to talk more, please don't hesitate to message me and we can see where it takes us.", "i get turned on by the idea of a sexy woman letting me use her body for my pleasure, however i chose to do so. this might involve indulging my sadistic tenancies. but if the idea of bringing great pleasure to a man who rarely gets to experience such things turns you on more than the pain detracts from the experience (or perhaps even enhances it?), then we should talk.  i'm tall, attractive, sane (relatively speaking), and eager to chat about our mutual desires.", "Hey as the title says looking for someone to order me around a bit I have a slight preference towards so you will be prioritized first also willing to take some irl vommands but will not provide Feel free to send a message with your ref and kinks if The tougher the", "bored at work. i would love to get to know someone via a nice game of questions. hope to hear from someone", "come watch me edge my cock :) lets jack off together @kai\\ salas  &#x200b;", "I got lucky with a day off today so looking to get lucky and find someone to chat and get off Say hi and send asl and kik and if you have a kink you really like", "title", "", "[https://imgur.com/xwbeywp](https://imgur.com/xwbeywp) lvl 45 suppressors pump shotgun 1 star   [https://imgur.com/8r00pos](https://imgur.com/8r00pos) lvl 50 troubleshooter rolling pin 2 star   [https://imgur.com/exlxjjw](https://imgur.com/exlxjjw) lvl 45 medic mini-gun 1 star   [https://imgur.com/ciqlmzf](https://imgur.com/ciqlmzf) lvl 50 assassin super sledge 3 star   [https://imgur.com/gjiyw5e](https://imgur.com/gjiyw5e) lvl 50 anti armor wrench 1 star   [https://imgur.com/gozzsoq](https://imgur.com/gozzsoq) lvl 50 berserk walking cane 1 star   [https://imgur.com/icboev7](https://imgur.com/icboev7) lvl 45 berserk guitar sword 1 star  [https://imgur.com/60qkbjr](https://imgur.com/60qkbjr) lvl 35 executioner dragon 1 star  [https://imgur.com/7fuknhc](https://imgur.com/7fuknhc) lvl 45 vampire sub machine gun 1 star   [https://imgur.com/rvbx7bn](https://imgur.com/rvbx7bn) lvl 45 junkie grenade launcher 3 star   [https://imgur.com/5cosqle](https://imgur.com/5cosqle) lvl 35 suppressors baton 1 star  [https://imgur.com/bfwsyiq](https://imgur.com/bfwsyiq) lvl 45 vampire cryolator 1 star   [https://imgur.com/jterrbr](https://imgur.com/jterrbr) lvl 40 vampire sickle 2 star   [https://imgur.com/worw74f](https://imgur.com/worw74f) lvl 40 anti-armor lmg 1 star", "sc: arobbayson", "i saw a vid of an asian-american looking pornstar being slapped in the face. you could really hear the slap landing with a clap. she looked disheveled, hair messy and spit/sweat all over her face. the guy slapping her (he did it a few times) asks her \"how was that?\" and she responds \"interesting?\" and then he's like, \"right, ready to be fucked?\" and she's like \"yeah\". could have been facialabuse or a similar studio.", "...it's no longer a fucking-crime!!", "i think it would count as a cock worship video? it started with a bunch of /r/omgbeckylookathiscock type clips and then switched to clips of blowjobs and cumshots. the video had text over it encouraging the viewer to whip it out and stroke. help?", "Myrial groaned as she slowly sat Looking around the room she She had no idea how long been but it had at least been a few hundred Glancing around the room she stood Her skin her stomach Every curve on her body begged to be The only thing unusual about her aside from her unearthly was the half hard length between her She moved to a closes and waved her opening the Though the hinges had rusted so badly that it fell to the She sighed again and looked at her The only one that rotted away was a look ridiculous for whatever had awakened She turned just in time to see the fool enter her Hope you enjoyed this I will be playing the Futa mage and warlord In her day she ruled a vast empire but was defeated and Now an adventurer has found her and she will happily go along with them for a I am and all characters in this rp must be Rp in 3rd person and be able to post a paragraph a few times a I prefer to rp over Kik and discord", "looking for someone who wants their boobs rated. kik sendyourtitpicstome if you would like to show off", "been wanting to see some of her, but i can't find any decent art.", "hey new yorkers,  i really love going down and pleasing my partner. everything is great about it. the scent. the taste. the soft moans. it's so much fun and it's really important to me that you're able to relax and have a great time. i'm very patient and can lick for as long as you need me to until you feel totally satisfied. no reciprocation expected or necessary!  ideally i would like for this to be a recurring thing where i could eat you out regularly (not that i'd turn down someone looking for a one night hook-up but it's nice to have a regular partner). please send me a message if you're interested so we can talk about ourselves and what we're looking for in more detail.", "they really beat my ass.  friend: who did, your parents?  me: no, my balls.", "Theyre the same videos different sites if it helps", "big balls  veiny cock hairy snap- rub4free", "i have an ex gf and a friend who are into it. they both like having their men watch them with hung studs. let's swap pics/stories. pm for kik", "keep them coming! so many beautiful ladies. this is fun!  sc: mr white2222", "M 35 f 25 We are looking for couples or single guys to play We are respectful and We ask that you be We are looking to always play We are interested in same room play and full We are madly in love and have talked a lot but never played with She really wants to get spit roasted by me and another Young good looking guys to the", "hairy,cut,chubby. looking for bottom up for whatever i don't send face. hmu and see where we go sc: tjtj120916 or will send vids and pics for gf nudes or family nudes", "## [pc] h:legendary weapons lvl 35+ 1 to 3 star w: caps and/or legendary snipers/melee  [https://imgur.com/xwbeywp](https://imgur.com/xwbeywp) lvl 45 suppressors pump shotgun 1   star[https://imgur.com/8r00pos](https://imgur.com/8r00pos) lvl 50 troubleshooter rolling pin 2 star  [https://imgur.com/exlxjjw](https://imgur.com/exlxjjw) lvl 45 medic mini-gun 1 star  [https://imgur.com/ciqlmzf](https://imgur.com/ciqlmzf) lvl 50 assassin super sledge 3 star  [https://imgur.com/gjiyw5e](https://imgur.com/gjiyw5e) lvl 50 anti armor wrench 1 sta  r[https://imgur.com/gozzsoq](https://imgur.com/gozzsoq) lvl 50 berserk walking cane 1 star  [https://imgur.com/icboev7](https://imgur.com/icboev7) lvl 45 berserk guitar sword 1 star  [https://imgur.com/60qkbjr](https://imgur.com/60qkbjr) lvl 35 executioner dragon 1 star  [https://imgur.com/7fuknhc](https://imgur.com/7fuknhc) lvl 45 vampire sub machine gun 1 star  [https://imgur.com/rvbx7bn](https://imgur.com/rvbx7bn) lvl 45 junkie grenade launcher 3 star  [https://imgur.com/5cosqle](https://imgur.com/5cosqle) lvl 35 suppressors baton 1 star  [https://imgur.com/bfwsyiq](https://imgur.com/bfwsyiq) lvl 45 vampire cryolator 1 star  [https://imgur.com/jterrbr](https://imgur.com/jterrbr) lvl 40 vampire sickle 2 star  [https://imgur.com/worw74f](https://imgur.com/worw74f) lvl 40 anti-armor lmg 1 star**cancel**", "certainly enjoy getting to know OK with giving or and am a got in and wear large Even if we click I would really love to meet some new people this", "hey,   so this just happened and i am at a loss for words. turns out i stumbled into faketaxi!!! was with my friend and we needed a cab back to my place and got in not even noticing until about 10 mins in!  seeing as i now have first hand experience, ask me anything about it. any of those questions you always wanted to know ;)", "as the title states! i've had talks with older women before and i've very much enjoyed their demeanour and all their experience. so if that describes you, then by all means let's have a chat.  alternatively i also love chatting with women that are chubby/curvy/have lovehandles or whatever you want to call it. something about those curves is very attractive to me and i'd love to tell you my thoughts about how beautiful you look!  to give you something about me: i'm a [somewhat chubby and hairy](https://imgur.com/w6ml4mk) 23 year old guy. i have lots of kinks and fantasies that i'd love to discuss or live out!  a few of them are for example:  * submission * exhibitionism * cum play, ass play and toilet play * edging and orgasm control  as a person i'm more of the nerdy and slightly shy type, but i promise i warm up to people very quickly and i can hold a decent conversation about most topics. so if you wish to talk about various things, i'd be more than happy to!  my snapchat is **chubby-servant**", "i'm 5'10\", have brown eyes and hair, good looking, and am in athletic shape.  now that we've got that out of the way, what i'm looking for is a casual sexual partner, especially somebody who's pretty sexually adventurous. i guess i'd describe myself as \"ggg,\" and it would be great if so were you. i'm very turned on by the idea of randomly meeting up with a woman who knows that the only reason we're there is for me to get her off (at least...). if we get along, i'd be open to more than just a one off. if that sounds interesting to you, i'd love to hear from you. please let me know what you look like, as well.  looking forward to talking to you.", "hey there!  the first time, i joined to reddit 2 years ago, i found what i wanted just in a day. i found a long term naughty sext partner. she was cute, intelligent, well educated, and of course extremely hot. we played together ones and it was so fun, that we said that we will do it again sometime..... so we did, for half a year, and we spoke almost everyday. but not just sexting, most of the time we were just chating like friends.  so i'm looking for the same now. please, if you are interested in such a relationship, pm me i have kik.  rules are be 18+, woman, intelligent, and of course willing to share faceless pics about playing with yourself... if we click, we could do this long g term.  i'm european, tall, well educated, have a huge sex drive, and willing to please you.  http://imgur.com/a/gq8nw3b", "if ya got any creighton girls pm me. or pm me if you know of hot girls that went to creighton", "I knew it was But why did it feel so I was supposed to be a good Waiting until No fooling around or relationships So how did I get into this mess I knew if I took some steps be in for a world of passion and just plain carnal But that would be breaking sooo many If I was more be able to walk away from But I I find myself leaning in further in Wanting to take the first my forbidden feel so great in the but will I still like it in the long I know I should But I seem to be able to stay Or want to stay away for that matter like to talk to someone had a conservative or religious upbringing aka sex is wrong Now an adult but still a little repressed for Either that or someone in a situation like that as an interested in relating to and talking about things like that as well as what gets you sexually also open for roleplaying if what you have in I have several fantasies we could try if not from a religious home but are interested in the someone or individuals becoming open and then feel free to send a message as sure we can have some fun Maybe you could teach me your Right now at uni with all the freedom in the world no up for chatting in any shape or form with be nice if there was someone who could relate to my scenario or Still a virgin for a multitude of A really hot fantasy of mine is discussing how to change Go from zero to skilled by whatever Or just experiencing a change in I am slimly built with wavy black hair and brown eyes if", "be over 25 and you must show body and/or face.    fit, hairy, versatile here.    sc:redtecpnw", "hey there, lovely people of /r/exxxchange! i am itching to do some captions as your celebrity mom today, but with very specific themes. send me a picture of your favourite celebrity milf, select one of the themes below, and i'll write you a caption back. simple enough? then let's get started!  * cucked by your own mother * dub-con/non-con (the celeb mom can be either dom or sub) * affair with your celeb mom * casual flirting with your celebrity mother", "Other chubby Daddies other guys blowing clouds or partying virtually no limits here looking for some kinky fun hmu with your Kik or ask for mine", "is this shit survivable at all? i had full hp, vit3 and about 90% augmented armor. i can avoid them fine but i like to trade sometimes to get true charge off, it elemental damage?", "i hear a lot about spanking in the american south with paddles and straps, britain with canes and slippers, but i don't know anything surrounding latin america or spain. it would be nice if any redditors could chime in with some info from their home country; spanking in media, anecdotes, traditions, etc. i spoke with a few girls from south america who mentioned being spanked with a shoe growing up.      please share your experience!", "Looking for other hung send dick pic first Sc Crazyface22", "i want a connection. i want somebody who feels similar to me and just gets me. i want somebody who i can freely love without any reservations. i want somebody who i can do things with, which we enjoy because we're in each others company, not because we're obligated to. i want a lover who i can also call my best friend, who i can be completely open to without wanting to hold back. if this is you too, shoot me a pm with some information about yourself and introduce yourself so we can get to know each other, and go on an amazing date. if anything, you get a free dinner from this and also get to meet somebody you're potentially interested in!! about me: i'm a 26 year old guy who works for a well-known company as a software developer. i have a huge passion for and connection with music, and i hope you do too. i'm not the type of person to hang out at bars and clubs, but i do enjoy socializing at more relaxed events. thanks for reading!", "thank you for taking the time to read this.  [link](https://youtu.be/ze3lah-abpy?t=191) | it's a youtube video of a group of people doing the chapstick challenge. in particular, a team of two girls, that have a sense of being \"ok\" or even \"wanting\" to kiss (maybe more) with the other girl. what i'm looking for?  * it's a combo of:    * r/happyembarrassedgirls (when the girl on the left, blindfolded, \"licks\" the girl on the right. / even more so when they kiss.)    * r/gonewild (i've seen examples that fit the bill take place at parties / some ggw scenes did it)    * r/straightgirlsplaying (\"ok one more time, kiss it, whatever\" / i get an experimenting vibe) * someone encouraging it doesn't matter per say (but i can see how it could be \"needed\")  &#x200b;  i'm curious if anyone knows of a sub or search terms that captures what is happening in this video. of course, the video going nsfw is wanted but not required. the aforementioned is the crucial elements.  &#x200b;  (a sub/terms are what i'm asking for but if anyone knows of other examples i wouldn't be opposed to a pm)  &#x200b;  thank you for you time.", "i can remember most of the video, it was a tall blonde woman who was the \"mom\" of the camera guy and she made him dinner (lasagna or pasta or something) they talk about his dad disappointing her and she sucks him off in the kitchen in like a black and white dress. then she leaves and says they will take care of it later and then another scene starts where she walks in and her son fucks her doggy over the edge of the tub.  they then move to the bedroom and he fucker her missionary on the bed.  she didn't have very big tits but had a big ass. she was pale and either blonde or a red head.  &#x200b;  i have looked all around and can't seem to find it. any help is appreciated.", "comanda acum !!  telefon: 0752.621.156  email: office@artimgroup.ro  orar telefon: 11:00 - 16:00  https://www.facebook.com/339007869770784/photos/p.755969538074613/755969538074613/", "https://www.sexxdolls.com/collections/jy-sex-dolls/products/jy148cm-5  just wondering if anyone has experience with this vendor . i'm looking to do the payment plan. 4 $250 payments is pretty enticing.   thanks again for your time", "it doesn't get any more simple than this!  1. let me see you in your bra and panties, and i will put on a dirty show for you. 2. lose the bra and i will cum for you.  2. strip naked and i will play with and lick the cum up too!  dont be shy!!! send me a pm!", "**i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+**  hey, just looking for any women who share my love of growth and expansion. i am mainly looking for those who are into giantess growth and muscle growth but other forms are fine too.   i just want someone who would like to role play or have a kinky chat. i have other kinks that we can include too and am open to most things. my limits are the usual pain, toilet, death. if this sounds like something you'd be into then drop me a message and i will try and get back to you!  **i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+**", "attackingwhat looking for", "omegleguy254", "hey guys, i basically just want a dirty sexting/pic swap friend to talk dirty and wind each other, sharing story and kinks, turning each other on.  i would like to know if fetlife would be able to help by joining?  please and thank you", "at bottom So I tried to shave my pubic hair for the first Not because I thought it looked better without sure about but because it got itchy down there sometimes showering I know why I have experience at shaving since below 18 and really have facial hair growth I just stole some wet razors and went into the After showering I put on some shaving cream I I literally had no idea what direction I should go the with the so I just went for it and it kinda I accidentally cut myself a bit in the finger when I tried to remove the After I was finished with the part above my junk which took like 15 I motivated anymore and just stopped and wanted to continue another I noticed some but After that everything got realllly Way itchier than It was a pain riding to school on my bicycle this morning I hope none of my classmates noticed me scratching the whole day lol Tried to shave my junk with 0 experience since it was kinda itchy and I thought that would resolve ended up having a way itchier junk with not a native speaker so sorry for all grammar issues", "into lots of nasty stuff, humiliation degrading. love when guys show me screenshots of them sharing my wife and making nasty comments.been trying to make a kik group for a few guys. up for ideas", "k.i.k me@ galaxyment  we dont have to start sexting right away idc we can talk about anyhting", "my neighbor's daughter (22) caught me red read handed stealing her mother's panties. i sneaked in her mothers' room and grabbed a pair out of the panty drawer. it was dark and i didn't turn on the light. (i had done it a dozen times before so i knew where to find them) i turned around as i was leaving and she was laying in her parent's bed. her jaw was practically on the floor. i just tossed em back and walked out the door as if nothing happened.  i can't describe how hot it is knowing how disgusted and shocked she is at the mere sight of me now. if you have a dirty mind and are willing to caption pm me for pics.  thanks in advance", "I would like to tell you how to masturbate budget is 30 dollars and I can use venmo or paypal my kik is fred00794 if you are interested", "if you are into ass play, strap on or related stuff let's chat! let me know your asl and kik nam", "Hii im super horny for some nice big cock black is message for kik", "i slide my hands around your waist and turn you around, picking you up and placing you on the kitchen counter.  \"morning... \" i say and smile at you, almost grinding my morning wood in all its glory on your crotch.  i pickup the cups of coffee on the counter and take them, placing them on the table and grabbing a chair.  \"okay mom, your first task for the day is to get yourself off and put up a nice show for me\" i say sitting down and taking a sip.  \"and maybe i'll reward you with this\" i say pointing to the coffee \"... orrr this\" i say grabbing my cock and bringing its tip out of my boxers for you to peek, it's thick purple head throbbing.   i toss you your cumslut collar \"wear this while you're at it\" i wink and start to stroke my cock.  hey there! i am in the mood to have fun with an older lady, doesn't necessarily have to be my mom. but brownie points if you are.  so go ahead and pm me your kik and we can take this forward in your dm ;)", "looking to chat with daddies, bbc and other sissies. message me for kik.", "hmu for details  &#x200b;", "Hey So last I uploaded a book and the status The next I woke up and saw that the status had changed to I figure I finish uploading the book properly last night so I tried to fix the problem but realized it let me edit the book It matter if I click or BOOK nothing seems to This is a problem only specific to that one All my other books can be edited just Has anyone else encountered this problem Or I was considering the book again but rather not do that if a problem with servers at the I checked my but still no explanation for Any help would be greatly", "i am looking to have an open and honest chat with a 20 something year old this evening. i am a married 49 year old married man who likes the idea of talking in a very honest way with a girl in her 20's. most of my interaction with someone your age is with a friend of the family and it's usual very cordial and polite. tonight i am looking for something completely different. i would like to have a very open and candid conversation with a girl in her 20's. we can start with the basics and then move on from there. i am a successful business owner and have no problem taking control of the conversation and leading the way. all i ask in return is complete honesty. we are total strangers, there is no reason to lie about anything. i like the idea of both of exposing ourselves to the truth and seeing where that takes us. so for all of your lurkers and vanilla types who are afraid to respond to some of the posts on this reddit, message me and tell me a little bit about yourself and i will take care of the rest. it's amazing what you discover about yourself and someone else when you just let go and let the truth out. i promise to reply to all responses and look forward to hearing from you all.", "saw a couple [videos](https://volafile.org/get/brnutv49pnruu/(req%20more)violet%20%5bmrivz%5d%201.mp4) of her on volafile and i can't find her info.   &#x200b;  https://volafile.org/get/brnutv49pnruu/(req%20more)violet%20%5bmrivz%5d%201.mp4", "looking to stroke to your family members or close friends now. kik daves3133.", "I am and all participants and characters must be Hi there 23M from Italy looking to have a roleplay with someone playing as a I hope it to be a longterm so there will be but I want to add something else too and not just give you some reference pics and choose who to Some of the plots my best growing up you always had some kind of crush on having just turned you decide to try your I come to your house to meet your brother but instead I only find see what happens from We know eachother since we were until one after yet another sexual we decide to try to have sex it could be awkward at but things start to go a in desperate need to find a new partner to raise views and tips in your So you come across me a anything you and try to convince me to join you in your Maybe we could even become a nice Your own Kinks are clothed yoga oral anal and Limits are toilet gore and unreal Hope to hear you on please write something more than just a simple deezgees", "looking for daddy to dominate me. prefer uk based kik jwtsdd", "my gf is away and i have access to her stuff. panties, bras, etc. i wanna be your slut! ruin my orgasms, make me eat my own and eventually pound me! kik is czzgrande", "i'm a young manwhore and basically can't get off to anything vanilla any more. i need some skin in the game. i am incredibly dom, and love the power play and weird sexy mental shit going in in cuckold / hotwife scenarios.  nothing turns me on more than the extra level of domination that comes with completely slutting up someone's wife, making them slaves to my big cock. i love the unique maturity of the men involved, and like hearing about what they think their place should be in such a dynamic.  i love having guys talk about their girls to me. i love women showing off to me and telling me about how hard this makes their men. if you are actively interested in this sort of thing or this post sparked one, pm me. i don't really rp much and would prefer some steamy chat. ;)  as long as this is up, i'm looking!", "Hey all you sexy Jack and looking for a detailed and literate roleplay with a dom right usually a switch but today I just want to be a My kinks are face deep and really big loads are a few I can think of off the top of my My limits are and I have a few scenarios in mind which I will post Student with benefits or dad and son flight attendant and a passenger Those are just a few of the scenarios I have in mind open to pretty much anything else you may have in mind and am open to almost any I look forward to talking to all of you beautiful My kik is am for other adults", "looking for a cum swallower . pics on my profile. hmu in pms. you host or i get a pricey hotel room. i love to 69. will go down on you too, or more. 7inches hard. i get hard again 5-8 minutes after orgasm. pm me", "add neveryourhero for nudes, looking to send vids and cum with another college guy", "", "hello everyone. 24m here. i am opening a kik group for degarding and humiliating. males must share their wives/girlfriends/moms/sisters. females must share themselves. so if you want yourself or your lady to be humiliated bu total strangers pm me your kik ids and i can add you to the group.", "any online here ??", "Come on show daddy what been I promise you regret I might even have a special treat for", "hi, i'm looking for a long term roleplay involving a regualr guy meeting a female celebrity, chatting, dating and eventually marrying her. i'm looking for romance and exploring the lives of our characters along with the problems that come with a normal guy dating a celebrity. i would like to include smut and sex but not make them central to roleplay.  i'm looking to start this off with you in distress, your car broken down for example with me coming along as the good samaritan and things progress from there. as for my character i could be just an average guy working a normal job or a successful buissnessman earning a comfortable living. depending on the celebrity you choose i'm open to playing younger or older.  this would be played out over various stages of our relationship so we could jump forward in time. i'm looking to explore how a relationship like this would work so it's not going to be plain sailing all the time. saying that i'm also not looking for blazing arguments or any cheating, more along the lines of the insecurities that the differences between us would cause and how we go about dealing with them, the compromises we have to make.  my favorite celebrites are katy perry, taylor swift, maria sharapova, natalie dormer, [emilia clark](https://imgur.com/a/iusw1uo), [elizabeth olsen](https://imgur.com/a/jqt2yld), eva green, gwyneth paltrow and [kate mara](https://imgur.com/a/uoau2uq) but by all means suggest some other celebrities.   i'm looking for someone detailed, descriptive and literate. i like partners who put effort into their replies. i'm also looking for long term and i'm happy if there are a few hours or even a day or 2 between replies. after all real life does get in the way sometimes, we do have work/social life/real relationships.  kinks can be discussed but i'm looking at fairly vanilla.   limits are the usual stuff but if unsure feel free to ask.  i can play this out on reddit (prefered) or discord.  please note i am in the uk.", "bad with titles. i'm a virgin, i should probably start mentioning that at the beginning. i have a high sex drive and i'm looking for dirty talk, and maybe someone to lose my virginity to :) it has to be all bareback, and end with a creampie. and hopefully more sex. i want lust, lust is super hot. my sexual instincts are basically driven by lust and i hope to meet someone that's the same way. kinks are mostly pregnancy risk. chances are if i were to fuck you i wouldn't be able to bring myself to pull out ;p  i'm a pre-everything male to female transgender. if that's an issue don't bother. hope to hear from someone soon :)", "show daddy what a little slut you are kuk is whydad345", "looking to jack off to some hairy cocks.  if you're an older man that would be even better and get me so hard.  message me your kik", "If you like feet add me xxxfeet", "white, 5'10\", fat, bearded, long hair  looking for a woman to just take it away.  doesn't matter if you're experienced or not, just looking to get it over with", "28/m with a 26/f dumb fake blonde curvy wife - looking for tributers to stick their cocks over her face and tits - tinydick666999", "DRIVEN I am and all participants and characters must be The lowest age you can ask for is that is I really like girls that are mean and They drive me I want a girl to cuckold me and make me a I want to worship you and beg for it while you tease me and treat me like Maybe tease me some and get me to do whatever you I love when a girl that knows what she wants also I love girls with big takes off her tight pants and her big booty pops Im open for any RP i also like strap have some Just send me a message with your kik or send me a message on mine and we can have some Kik Brianc8887", "let's have fun. reply with face at phallus.greek ;)", "hey, im 19 yo college guy from europe. im tall, dark haired, fit. im straight but curious. i like being submissive and showing off. my other kinks are domination, sph, forced soft bi, cuckolding, feminization, and many others (i'm also very open) so basically i want to chat, rp with mix of showing off or anything what comes to your mind. please pm me if you have some experience in role playing and have nice scenarios including my kinks.", "i know i'm usually the dom in all of my roleplays, but given the season and weather, right now i just want a thick mommy dom to take care of me a bit in the cold weather. all i ask is that you bring a ref and don't worry about knocking, i know it's your house your rules. my kik is illeatyoumyway", "here for the week and would love to A cute face for a cute into 90s alternative", "so hi. big fan of this sub. haven't posted before.   me:  \\-24f, white, bi  \\-5'3\", 134 lbs, 34c-27-39  \\-blonde hair, shoulder length, green eyes.      woof. now that's over. so, i'm fairly new to being a slut. i was in a relationship with the same guy from the time we were in 7th grade until i was 23. basically this means i'm free to explore for the first time ever. it was scary at first, but i leaned into it a little bit. i started experimenting with anal, women, with older men, with some college freshmen, co-workers, etc. i settled into a few frequent fuck buddies as a way of keeping myself sane, but haven't been too adventurous as of late.   i recently moved into a new apartment. it's in a nice enough building and i'm a physician's assistant so i do okay. my neighbors are all pretty much young professionals. i was convinced that the couple who live above me hate each other. they screamed constantly and just seemed aggressive with each other from what i could overhear, and it was hard to avoid.  one day i was out walking my dog, strudel, and i noticed this guy walking behind me on his way into the building. he had been running or working out, but he was really hot. tall and built, nice hair, and his cock was just slightly visible through his gym shorts. we started talking and i found out his name is carl and he worked in insurance. to be honest that's all i really fucking cared about because i was batting my eyes and touching his arm within seconds of meeting him. he said he needed to go back inside and i just went for it. \"come in with me. maybe we can find you a shirt.\"   well, we didn't find him a shirt, but i found him inside me for the better part of two hours on basically every surface in my apartment. his dick is big and thick and i just absolutely cannot get enough of it or him. i see him probably three or four times a week, even if it's just to be quick.   fast forward to a couple days later. i met this cute girl at the bar in the retail space on the first floor of our building. i was having a glass of wine and i definitely started picking up signals. i'm still relatively new to being with women, so the flirty introductions are always very thrilling. her name was cadence but she told me to call her cade. she was about 5'7\" and sort of thick with big round boobs and a big butt to match. i'm something of a melon felon when it comes to my ladies, tbh. either way, we ended up kissing in the bar and then making arrangements to come back in a few days. we met back up and we only managed to finish one drink before we were upstairs on my bed. she does this thing where she grabs my hair and pulls me closer into her pussy as i'm going down on her that just drives me crazy. we fuck maybe four or five times a month and it's easily the best sex i've ever had with a woman.   whelp, it turns out that cade and carl are married. i was a little shocked at first, but then i was really, really turned on. last week while i was fucking cade, i was extra loud. carl sent me a text and he could hear me from their apartment. \"whoa, sounds like someone is having a little too much fun.\" so i asked cade if she could hear me fucking other people and she said absolutely.   in short, i'm really fucking turned on by being the other person in this terrible marriage to both the husband and wife and making them listen and i get fucked stupid by their s/os.   i'm terrible, apparently, but i'm fully satisfied.", "and therfor r/adelestevens", "Taking the train up this afternoon and looking for some female companionship this Married with permission and a rule or Vasectomy safe but play date Pm me for", "i am a submissive boy from ny looking to serve a dominant, alpha male type. i'm very much into being teased, humiliated, and spanked, and would love to find a respectful dom to make me wear panties and serve you while you put me in my place.  i am 5'11\", white, and 175 lbs with dark features and a thick bubble butt. i especially like black men and jock types, but not required. older men could be hot too.  i do have some facial and body hair at the moment, so please keep this in mind before messaging.  looking to have some fun in nyc, possibly later today (i cannot currently host so ideally you would be able to)  please send me a message with your pics and contact info, and i'll provide the same.", "i'm trying to download the 1.5gb file for my sister, my roommate on the mega app with the separate incest patch file. the problem i'm having is not understanding how to apply the patch to the game files. can someone please help.", "first gwa post and it's a [ramblefap](https://soundgasm.net/u/nyoomer/boring-ramble)  it was ridiculously hot yesterday, so i thought what better way to cool down and exhaust myself for sleep than to have a little fun?  i just talk about a fetish of mine while having a stroke, so it's probably a little boring sorry.  any and all feedback is appreciated!     thank you :)", "", "anyone welcome. especially sugar daddies.   user: lengthy twink", "black, fit, hung with a booty here. horny now and looking to trade and show off with someone sexy. also looking for hot group stories.  into guys around my age or older, people of color, avg / fit / beefy builds, tops and vers. assertive doms very welcome. user: clonetank. pics get my attention.", "tell me your other kinks and how you enjoy being choked", "give me a joi as a celeb of your choice?  kik darkdesiresofmine", "Hey looking for a Patreon of a guy who has made quite a few Overwatch I lost the link so hopefully you guys can The comic in particular is about some highschool kid who ends up dating Tracer and bangs the whole overwatch lineup several I think several volumes in to the He also made a Mercy Christmas comic last one where Elsa from Frozen is a and a few Hopefully can", "i'm starting to grow tired of the search for this mystical perfect partner..... i haven't gotten any offers in quite some time. it's quite depressing,  i've been heavily in the pokemon mood lately but i'm having trouble finding partners that are interested in actually doing nsfw themed stuff. plot is cool and all but.... sometimes i just like doing nsfw stuff more? i mean i like doing plot but it just gets annoying when the other insists on waiting super long for a smut scene, just to not even reach it as the rp is brought to a close. i guess what i'm trying to say is that i'm looking for people who'd be okay with doing a more smut heavy pokemon rp, rather than a plot rp that just abruptly ends the moment action starts.... so naturally you must be at least 18. all characters are also at least 18. i will still do plot roleplays; it's nsfw stuff i'm primarily searching for. people that honestly like doing both the way i do seem to be a rare breed.  now it's pokemon i really want to do.... but i do have other fandoms. you can see them below. and the pairings.... all mxf, with possible fxf. and ocxcanon, canonxcanon. and for the pokemon rp, romances are purely humanxhuman, no pokemon.... sorry!  and i wish i didn't have to say this.... but i'm looking for people who are into this long term. i've had issues where people just up and disappear before the rp even starts, not even a \"i don't think we're compatible\" or \"i lost interest, so sorry!\". please don't ghost.... i'm really tired of that. if you lose interest, tell me.  and for the 'plot', i was thinking about doing an amalgram of hoenn and alola. the hoenn-alola islands; with pokemon and girls from both available for use as my trainer oc travels the region. any further details can be discussed via message. basically a harem?  other ideas consist of a delta emerald-like rp, ultra smut(spoof of ultra sun/moon), darker black/white, and a sinnoh where team galactic tries to reach arceus rather than dialgia/palkia.  and i don't have much in the way of limits; only thing i won't touch is malexmale, feel free to ask about anything else!  and i am in the mood for crossovers... if you want to sweeten the deal by offering up some of these gals then i'd be most appreciative! they aren't necessary though!  and i'll accept any ideas for those fandoms too  naruto: tsunade, ino  marvel: black cat, gwen stacey, rogue, emma frost  saints row: shaundi, viola  dc: starfire, blackfire, harley quinn  mass effect: ashley, miranda  scooby doo: daphne blake  total drama: lindsay  sonic: sally, amy, bunnie, fiona  yugioh: alexis/asuka  fallout: piper  red dead redemption  gta: tracey desanta  harry potter: hermione, fleur  ben 10: gwen tennyson, charmcaster  adventure time: princess bubblegum  any further questions can be asked via message. message me if you're interested!", "doing a room for a little bit, so come on in. cams welcome. video requests welcome as well https://www.rabb.it/evelyn942", "fit hung curious masculine  snap           lexia721   black is a bonus", "hi sluts! first time posting here (f22). i recently lived out a big sexual fantasy of mine and i wanted to share with you!  &#x200b;  first a bit of background: me and 2 male friends have been friends with benefits together for about 8 months now, we have a lot of threesomes with each other, lots of dp, rough fucking and bondage, and sometimes me and one guy fuck, i like to film it and send it to the guy i'm not fucking so he can see what he's missing! we have a great time together! a few weeks ago i was telling them both about one of my biggest sexual fantasies. i have always wanted to be picked up on the street and bundled into the boot of a car, tied up and used against my will (i'm not into rape but the thought of me suddenly getting fucked out of nowhere turns me on massively).  &#x200b;  fast forward to last week - i was out for a run on my normal route (sometimes i run with the guys so they know where i go). i was running along a quiet road and there was a van parked on the side of the road with a man stood leaning against it looking at me. as i got closer i noticed it was one of the guys so stopped to say hi, we said hi to each other and a few seconds later i felt someone behind me grab my arms and pull them behind my back. the guy i was chatting to pulled a blindfold from his back pocket and put it on me as the person behind me tied me hands behind my back. they opened the back of the van and threw me in. one of them jumped in the back and pulled down my leggings and ripped off my top so i was tied up in just my bra and my thong. the person jumped out and jumped into the front and we drove for what must have been about 15 minutes into the middle of nowhere. by the time the van stopped i was already wet at the thought of what was going to happen to me!  &#x200b;  the back doors to the van opened and closed, i heard the unbluckling of belts and then one of the guys pulled of the blindfold and i was greeted by the sight of the two guys stood there in front of me with their big dicks already hard. one of them pulled down my thong and started eating my pussy as the other one put his big cock in my mouth, he wrapped his hands around my neck and choked me as he fucked my throat hard until my eyes where streaming. the guys spent the next hour or two (i completely lost track of time) fucking my throat and pounding my pussy and calling me the dirty little slut i am. they used and abused my body until i was drunk from all the cock, they came all over my face and pushed me back into the corner of the van, got in the front and drove off. they took me back to my house, gave me back my clothes and chucked me on my front door and drove off again. i stumbled in the front  door and lay on the hallway floor recovering from the pounding that i had taken with the biggest grin on my face! i sure was one happy slut!", "hi everyone, this is sad, and i feel like a bad fish owner, but i need some kind of closure and answers to prevent more deaths. i have a 30g freshwater tank with fake plants and gravel. marineland penguin 200 filter. 2 angelfish (now one), 1 blue gourami, 1 black neon tetra, 3 silvertip tetras, and 1 scissortail rasbora.   &#x200b;  i've been struggling with an unknown issue causing the smaller one of my angelfish to gasp at the surface. this started about a month ago, and since then i've been googling, asking people on here, checking water parameters, doing water changes, dosing with seachem prime, increasing aeration, etc. to no avail. people suggested checking his gills to see if they're brown or discolored. they didn't/don't look odd, at least to me. as for the parameters: no ammonia or nitrites, low nitrates, but a ph of 8.3 - this struck me as problem, but upon looking it up, several posts have indicated that this isn't necessarily bad. however, it's the only thing that stands out to me, so i ordered a ph lowering kit. it got here right after the fish died.  &#x200b;  [https://imgur.com/a/bbup6bm](https://imgur.com/a/bbup6bm) this is the body. in the second image, it's very apparent how tattered the fins are. when i first got my fish from a friend, both the angelfish already had tattered fins, but his seems to have gotten progressively worse. i didn't notice this until it was too late. is this fin rot? i have observed the fish chasing each other around and sometimes fin nipping, but i didn't think it would result in death. if it's fin rot, what can i do to prevent this in the future? any help appreciated.", "", "https://imgur.com/a/xe5dxdx", "i've been travelling non-stop for weeks and am finally back home. now that all the adventures are over i'm feeling a bit lonely and would like to chat with someone in the nj area that wouldn't mind if the chat became naughty. we can use the chat function through reddit, pms, or go elsewhere. let's see how it goes?  talk to me!", "Easy going guy looking for someone to share some fun Start by chatting on Kik and possibly move to an in person looking for guys and No physical contact I just find it hot to be naked in the same room with each discuss if piqued your interest", "welcome to the global meme landfill dead or alive i'll take 'em  even if they are offencive", "sexy or normal. maybe your normal is actually your sexy? just looking for some great conversation with a little naughty fun. pm with your kik and a very detailed description of your panties.", "gonna stroke and go to bed. anybody wanna join me? kik on my profile", "just hoping to find a like minded person to spend some time chatting with.     im shy, chubby, nonpassable, and on occasion i feel very girly and always enjoy talking to others like me.   feel free to kik me at shyjex", "athletic build and have expirience in the But as it my old sub moved on and looking for someone new to Online to begin see where it takes orgasm pain to be specified nothing", "best funny video by xploit comedy", "pm me and lets chat about it", "i want to moan for you while i touch myself. you can tell me what to do or what to call you. or how to talk to you. https://www.erome.com/a/t3i5iq9s", "i am a submissive sissy boy looking for a dominant daddy to cam with. i'm very much into being teased, humiliated, and spanked, and would love to find a respectful dom to make me wear panties and serve you while you put me in my place.  i am 5'11\", white, and 175 lbs with dark features and a thick bubble butt. i especially like black men and jock types, but not required. older men could be hot too.  i do have some facial and body hair at the moment, so please keep this in mind before messaging.  please send me a message with your pics and your kik/skype, and i'll provide the same.", "dom top needing a sissy. hoping to find someone local but an online slut would be fun. kik me at matterborn. need a warm mouth to take care of my dick, balls and ass before i pound that boipussy", "Looking for bottoms BBC Please", "hey 28 bi male looking for some fun tonight, 6' ddf and attractive hmu on kik if you want to know more aaronw0992", "hmu", "Hoping someone can help me I definitely need some help relaxing for the next few If we can meet up that would be great but down for some online fun as", "horny chub/cub guy. looking for jerk partner: let's have some fun. pics in post history. any body type but black+++ chaser+++ otters+++ muscles+++ add me: hunklvr7", "if you're familiar with swallowed.com/mike adriano blowjobs, then i'm sure you love all the saliva, the rimjobs, seeing three girls on his cock, balls, and ass, all of it. pm me and we can talk dirty about it together! (18+ only).", "hi there! i am looking for a fun submissive/switch type person for an interesting idea that's been floating around in my head for a little while. i've had fun playing games like truth or dare with other subs in the past and wanted to add an extra spin on that. how would you feel about the idea of an orgasm competition? essentially we would take turns giving the other tasks to see who can make the other cum first and the loser would have to do something. does this interest you at all? pm me!!", "in lansdale, pa. i need to do ten placement matches on pc to get my rank for the season and i'm looking for a girl who will come over to my nerd cave and do her best to distract me. i plan to marathon all of my matches in a row and want to be inside of your mouth the entire time. i want you to try as hard as you can to make me lose all ten games.  if we have a good time, you're more than welcome to come back next season, too.", "hi! my name is chris im 21 and i live in california and i am looking for a rp partner to do a scenario with i dont care if you are male or female so long as you rp as a futa  my kinks include but are not limited to  light bdsm, forced feminization, excessive cum, cum inflation, rape, incest, age play (done by adults of course) and some beastiality  as you could probably tell from the kinks above i am more of a bottom.  now my limits include  gore, thats it like i said im pretty open.  some scenarios i thought of could be, mother on son) something about teaching him about the wonders of sex idk a whole prison scenario) maybe i get thrown into a futa prison by mistake or something, you can choose to play multiple or just one idc teacher on student or on multiple students) maybe failing a test would result in the futa teacher fucking you   feel free to pm me", "Average guy looking to trade and share with all big boys Please be my only GUYS", "looking for girls who are 18 years old or older who love celebrity and or incest roleplays. all characters will be 18+. i will not be buying or signing up for anything so don't message me. my kinks are multiple girls, piercings, huge boobs, incest, beast, getting called daddy, pregnancy risk. my limits are blood, vomit, scat, gore, vore, diapers,death, bathroom. message me for a list of celebrities if you want to do a celebrity roleplay.     kik me at corygolf1 with your kinks and limits and any scenarios that you enjoy role-playing.", "Hello fellow retiring a few of my pieces in order to make room for new First the Arizer It is about years Used never had any Comes with the following 1 Power Adapter 1 Remote new 1 Original adapter 1 shorty adapter 1 shorty adapter 1 18mm elbow adapter 1 Bag adapter needed 2 EQ mouthpieces 1 18mm Aroma bowl 1 Broken original pick 1 Funnel 1 Beezwax Unused Reynolds baking bags one in pic will be tossed before 1 7th floor 3ft hose cut in 2 pieces I have the Life It is about a month old and in excellent This baby comes with the 1 Original LSV Bag 1 Original 18mm Wand Heater Cover screens or Wand screens or 1 Generic shorty bent trumpet mouthpiece 1 basket screen been using to keep everything in the wands and make shaking it up we have the lovely Pax 2 This baby is a warranty replacement I received September of last It was used very often for a few months until VAS creeped up and my collection It comes with the following 2 original oven lids 1 half pack oven lid 1 3D screen 2 original screens 2 raised mouthpieces 1 1 3D oven pusher 2 flat mouthpieces 1 SKUNK case 1 Funnel 1 Charging adapter usb 1 Pack of pipe cleaners 1 bottle of cleaning alcohol 1 female water pipe adapter thing 1 Allen key for water pipe adapter 1 Pax tool keyring Prices include USPS Contiguous US buyers only Thanks for reading and have a vaporific day my", "hey i have a day off from class today ( thank my professor) so if you want to have me at your feet today, begging for you to just look at me and enjoy your company feel free to me a line :)  pics, kik, any kind of info you're wanting to give me would be awesome :p", "let's trade our favorite pics of petite teens, no limits. pm to get my kik and describe your favorite type of pic", "looking to host a woman for any kind of but especially eating pussy and or easy going and open to a pretty big guy so if not into that stay Pm me if interested and we can talk about what you want to", "<partner search> i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  i'm looking for someone who wants to role play as characters from rwby. i'm fine with any pairing of any gender, and we can even be more than two characters. here's a few of my favorite ships, but feel free to tell me your favorite if it's not here!  ruby & yang ruby & blake ruby & weiss rwby foursome yang & blake yang & pyrrha pyrrha & nora ren & jaune ren & pyrrha jaune & nora jnpr foursome  i'd prefer if it's set before season 3, but it can be set in the current seaon if you want. pm me here or leave a comment, and we can discuss it before we move to kik.", "hey.. so, i am a submissive bi male, and i am absolutely addicted to sucking huge cocks.   i have recently discovered i also love hearing dominant men talk about what they would do to women i want with said huge cocks. (or them watching me be your bitch)  i have come to believe that dominant men with big, fat cocks are my superiors. they can have, and should have anything they want. their cocks should be worshiped at all times.. obsessed over.  i love being called names, and teased. i've always wanted a female friend to talk dirty to me about this.  if any of that interests you, we should talk!", "i have a few hours to kill tomorrow evening while visiting birmingham and was hoping someone would help me pass the time in a proper way. pm me if you're available!", "Not Anything goes", "stuck at work horny. message me and tell me what you would do to me if you caught me in my office playing with myself.  hope to hear from you soon ;)", "tall, slim nerdy guy, here. intelligent, witty, kind. got a major thing for thick hips, slim waist, tattoos and piercings.  we can chat, trade pics, talk about all the ways i'd worship your body and stimulate your mind. i like to write, would love someone who wants me to compose erotica for her to get off to.  some of my kinks include light bondage (i've got a bridle and harness if you're into or curious about trying pony play), assplay, ageplay (every guy my age dreams of training/initiating inexperienced younger women). i like to pull hair, use my mouth, get creative with positions.  it would be awesome if we could meet up and make your fantasies real sometime, but i'm in no rush. i have kik, or we can chat through reddit. hit me up and let's get to know each other. biblically.", "132 is has body enjoy writing creatively on horror reading a good and doing Can host or travel to you to your place or at your hotel if visiting or we can meet up for first and go from looking for suitable play with benefits for weekends unable to meet up during week due to hectic work but is free for meetups on Saturdays and I smoke or do open to divorced separated and single between is white or is in Atlanta area or is is disease is in good shape a but or athletic is If message me on here or through Kik at LiftingRyan and write so I know not spam and include your and most recent pic of message me if gay or not interested in endless chatting or cyber here for in person meetups", "Not but really curious why would people do that", "send it to z71chase", "https://imgur.com/gallery/oqhturr", "sleepy taye https://imgur.com/a/xe5dxdx", "[https://www.rabb.it/familyfun](https://www.rabb.it/familyfun)", "If Married woman seeing married man for entertaining", "hey there i'm looking for young guys under 25 who want to show me their dick.  particularly interested if you're a teenager or if you have loads of hair between your legs. ideal if you enjoy showing your dick to someone.  anyone under 25 who is up for showing off their young dick is welcome. your age is not a problem, just be under 25. send me a message if you'd like to show off. maybe you're not sure how you compare, maybe you want an opinion or an ego boost. if so i'm also happy to help with that.  if you're interested, let me know. send over your kik and age via pm.", "i work alone and i'd love to host for a beautiful woman to come by and suck the life out of me today. it's raining and it's going to be dead.  it will be private as the back can't be accessed by anyone other than me.  athletic handsome well groomed and  shaved cock i smell great and ddf  i have a big thick cock   stop by!  send a description and your location.", "guys i just wanna find a twerk video that 2 blond girls twerking with black or for 14 seconds pls help my research", "young boy that loves older men! add me on snapchat!  bwes165", "bi and looking for a dominant If you are looking for play more than happy to give it a but right now mostly looking for I love creative and unusual tasks and for the right person i will go out of my way to please So if you have a particularly unusual kink I might be the right sub for you Just send me a message with one or two lines about if you want a small first and I will kik you as soon as in", "love sexting perverted , talking about first times and fantasies sc crazyface22 (;", "hi, everyone! i've been really enjoying writing stories for gifs recently, but being a black girl, i love a raceplay influence to the stories that i write. i will pretty much only accept gifs that involve a black girl in some way. my preferred gifs are between black girls and white guys, but i will also accept gifs between white men and another female racial minority.  i also love humiliation, and would like if that was included as well in the gifs so i could write about it. i am fine with writing about almost any topic, but if it is boring, i probably won't bother. my favorite topic is one involving a black mother and her son's white bully.  please send me interesting gifs to caption and write stories about! i prefer amateur stuff over professional porn. if you send me boring, uninteresting gifs, i will not respond. message me with a general topic/plot, your kinks, and your preferred length for the stories that i write.  i look forward to your messages and gifs!", "sleepy taye https://imgur.com/a/xe5dxdx", "Single seeking an open minded the lady next door but with a bit of an edge Are you out Message", "looking for a submissive female that is interested in meeting while i am in town. + for experience, obedient, and local. ++ it you have toys, props, and restraints to bring.  nothing long term, just a few late night sessions. staying at a nice hotel near the airport. can host or travel  a little about me, 5+ years experience as a dom/daddy. can be both sensual and rough. love cuddling, spanking a nice bottom, hair pulling, slapping, etc. i am very open minded and loving exploring new things.", "i'm also very dominant. as well as a nerd so if you want some fun then some conversation im always down.  mythrilkaiser", "Looking other hung tops to make a group chat", "i got way to much time on my hands right now! someone want to chat and tease me and help this day go by faster? maybe i'll even go in the bathroom for you if you tease me enough. i'm 6ft 200lbs with a beard and tattoos.", "hello there, 25 white fit dom here looking to chat with submissive slut who loves being degraded and used. i want to tell you about all the filthy dirty things that im gonna do to you and your slutty body.", "Watching some sexy amateur porn and going to jack Looking for someone else who likes to PM me for link if", "Kik", "been edging all fucking day. let's chat and see if we click. love meeting new fun people. i prefer women but guys who like showing off their women are fun too.", "seeing as they removed the only reason people used craigslist before i could try an use it i figured i would throw this up here.   yeah, it is a throwaway. i know. i mean it  has the word \"throw\" in it, super obvious, but it is an old one, so you can take some comfort in that.    here is what i'm thinking.   we meet up here, your place, whichever. you bring some toys, i don't have any, i never really used them enough to get my own.   i go down on you, then we plug both holes with your toys. some throat fucking, i remove a toy, use that hole. put toy back. go back to throat until i cum on your face. maybe i go down again, perhaps forced orgasm, then i cum in you for round two.   if you wanted to be tied or handcuffed it can be arranged. or if you want something added to the plans we can discuss.   me: a man, 35-40,5'8, beard, stocky. ddf, i'm a bear, if i was into men it would be great. but i'm not.   you: a woman, trans, nb, etc,   basically not a cis man. if you present as a man, and we're born a man, then this won't work.  we can chat. you send a picture, idealy nude, i send one back. but you're basically being used as a toy. so consider that.   i'll leave this up for a few days and probably delete it like the last time.", "looking to see gf/wife/ex pics or videos.  in return, i'll show you my rock hard 7 inch cock  sc=aabc4168", "Quick Audio Snippet For EP Release On January 23rd", "would like to show on cam, have screen pics taken and maybe posted on temporarily exposed.  i have kik and skype jonny smith7 is nickname on both", "So my idea for this rp is that we both suggest a three celebrities we want to get tged We both then pick one of the opposite choices and start to TG them into whoever it using a single for example if someone picked Emilia change them to look like an image of for example a to decide who was The winner gets a prize like a trip to the Behamas or something whilst the loser gets permenantly stuck in their new Some people have shown interest in getting transformed into male celebrities so they off the table", "nn girl trades while we edge? dm for kik.", "i would like to show off, stroke and eventually give a tribute to a hot, cum-loving lady this morning. however, i would also like a little twist. i'd like to pretend that we know each other - maybe you're a coworker, family member, or significant other of a friend? - and that i accidentally (or \"accidentally\") send you a dick pic. you like what you see/threaten to expose me, so you either encourage me to send more, or engage in some light blackmail to get me to send more. either way, i'm going to get into it and it'll end with me covering one of your pics in cum. i'm very experienced at giving tributes, so i think you'll like what i can produce for you (nsfw preview: [https://www.erome.com/a/julvorlp](https://www.erome.com/a/julvorlp)). hope to hear from you!", "... anticipating the next filthy message is fantastic motivation.   &#x200b;  home alone, typing away in an oversize shirt and panties. perhaps we could play a game? i recheck my confidence interval, then you rate my tits. or you could tell me how you would cum between me and the task at hand.  &#x200b;  pm me with your kik and your thoughts", "WILL BE CONSTANTLY LIVE AS I AM ON DISCORD REDDIT VIRTUALLY EVERY I WILL ALWAYS BE WILLING TO MEET THOSE WHO SEE THIS AND WANT TO START JUST DM ME I am 32 years in the East Coast with a steady 9 to 5 job during the One thing I find myself wanting more than anything is to I am and I play all genders everything in between such as and I want to play them opposite willing female characters gender Please be prepared for picture done writing descriptions for a but I am used to visuals after playing in SLs for many I would prefer someone who is also open to I usually prefer to use real pics depending on the but some animated pics will be welcome depending on the I dabble in a few different modern sci alternate or fantasy in the mix fandoms I know are Game of Harry Once Upon a Star Dragon Anything else unlisted is better to bring them my way and see if I know If any above feel free to come my Some literacy at a minimum makes me third person past I am also VERY reasonable with so be nervous or I am very I and I want to get niceties out of people in Whether a great poster or a good I give everyone a Treat people the way you want to be I do work during the so posting will be but I am good at night and on for regular I am hunting for people that are on daily and can knock out least a couple of posts a day or I am usually on from sometime in the morning to late at night Eastern If you want to play feel free to DM me for my Discord name or to offer I hope to talk to all of you I am really interested in the opposite a Modern is a big medium I could see following I have ideas involving that most festive time of the year where romance is the least one can expect to find among many other also supernatural angles such as goddess walks the Earth to find a or a ghost gives the friendliest haunt to her new or a witch finds odd romance in the style of Bewitched or Practical Magic or Simply Please message me for this or any other ideas above in the", "rating boobs. pm me if interested", "more than probably online fun unless you're close. bald, bearded with a nice uncut cock. willing to try anything at least twice never know if you did it right the first time. open to all types of women as long as you're cool. hmu if this sounds like fun.", "age 16 weight: 128 lbs height: 5'8 current meds: none, i used to take lexapro 20mg a day but i weaned myself off because it didn't help and it would make me sooooo sleepy past medical history: eating disorder i also have really light periods or that come really late when i am stressed. i have never had sex i smoked weed 2 times i drank alcohol in large quantities 2 times race: estonian/polish and north african (libyan arab mixed with italian and berber)   i have medium skin, hazel eyes and brown hair, i am not hairy.  just got a blood test and my results said i had a 3.9 white blood cell count which is on the low side.  i have been experiencing an itchy vagina with a lot of custardy clumpy yellowish/white discharge. my vagina smells really bad, like the typical fishy vagina smell, i am not really sure how to explain it. i shower everyday and i wash my vagina in the shower and the smell is gone for an hour or 2 but as soon as i put on underwear and pants i get it again. the smell is horrific and you can smell it through my pants unless i go to the washroom periodically throughout the day and wash it out with soap and water. i have to bring extra pairs of underwear to work and school that's how dischargy and smelly my vag gets.   in addition to this, other parts of my body constantly have discharge throughout the day or give off an odour. for example, my eyes constantly discharge, i thought it was because my eyes were reacting badly to my contacts and i switched to glasses but they leak like crazy still. my arm pits smell like my vagina, and just like my vag, i have to clean them periodically throughout the day and reapply deodorant.  also, my ears and super waxy and they always feel dirty. this has all come about in the last year. why is this happening? btw it's not genetic as i am northern european and north african, so i am basically hairless and i don't have that special earwax gene that makes you smell bad and have waxy ears.", "be disease and drug free. just looking to service a discreet dude, no strings attached, no drama. (send me your kik username if you have one)", "well if you are looking at this you have that yearning for a butterfly filled meet!  i'm 6'3 brown hair and eyes and white. i'm obviously married but very unfulfilled. the days just grind on and i want to feel like i am alive again. i am successful, educated, witty as hell, and if you like my sense of humor----funny as hell lol. i want whomever i am with to know this 100% stays between us. we'll keep the secret and we will think of each other and have a silly little grin on our faces. i am looking to play smart so that we can keep it going. when we are together we are each others vacation from life and the stress and grind of it.  ideally, we talk on here and just meet at a park or for coffee, or if you are so inclined a drink. i'm super down to earth and will put you at ease and guaranteed we will find something to talk about. if we jive we can see where to take it in the future. after all we are adults here! haha", "do you love married men? enjoy the thought of taking what isn't yours? want to see how hard you can make another woman's man? to tease him and show him how much better he could have it? make him crave you instead of her? know you're on his mind the next time he fucks her? drive him so crazy he'd rather cum for you than in his wife?  i'm a 31 year old, tall, strong, hairy chested, bearded (think lumberjack type), married dad who would love to chat, flirt, and tease with a friendly woman. i'm very respectful, adventurous, detailed, and descriptive. i enjoy chatting, light rp, pic swapping, and camming. i'm a switch and into vanilla as well as rough. very multi kinked. hope to hear from you! any women welcome. kik is liewithme3000 snap is liewithme2000", "Kik SLFR76", "dirty old man looking to exchange pics and chat with a younger woman. be over eighteen. you've noticed me looking at you and you can't ignore the bulge in my pants when i kiss you good night. include a picture and tell me what gets your pussy wet. i enjoy oral, bondage, anal, humiliation, ageplay, dd/lg, breeding, raceplay, etc... looking to share dirty pics and stories to keep me entertained while at work. come sit on daddy's lap and tell me everything that makes your little pussy hungry for daddy. i would be acting as a loving caretaker who really wants the best for his little girl, although has to be stern when they are being really naughty. women only. kik is captainchaosxxx. bonus points if you are a redhead or are pregnant. be willing to show off a little.", "Good looking for a queen that would be interested in encouraging me to jerk off for their pics preview of what be playing culminate in a cum tribute for you and a vid of me cumming on a very experienced so like what I can Hope to hear from", "<minimal plot nsfw> characters and myself are 18+!  i want to do medieval girls! knoghts, succubus, elves, barmaids, etc. a cute tsundere knight girl who will protect like an older sister. a small petite succubus with a smug, pervy grin. a thicc elf mage who is shy and clumsy. a loud, alcoholic barmaid who will do anything in public. we can chat up some ideas and i'll have reference pics of my characters. all i want is to be lewd and romantic. we could fight monsters or go on quests if you want to but it will primarily be about erotic rp. long term or short term doesn't matter to me, just be ready for my kinks and limits pics are also welcome, love me some hentai kik is mommajurihan, see you there!", "i think we all know the list i'm referring too. the list of people/celebrities that we could sleep with and it wouldn't count as cheating.   today i'd love to play a scene where i meet someone from my lists or i play as someone from your list. i dont care if we play generic celebs. i'm not too interested in our s.o. being in the room during. just looking for a fun scene with some playful build up.   kinks are are pretty typical, nothing crazy like snuff or humiliation belongs in this scene.   hit me up and let me know if you have anything you'd like to add, this isn't written in stone or anything.", "i always enjoyed edging women and me , on the bed and virtually, i would love to try it with a stranger tonight.  i am 24 years old guy , swimming team member. if you feel like you can pm me your kik :).", "22 hung guy here cocking and the hottest one gets the kik me at mxt1431", "so i'm a pretty in shape attractive guy but all of my relationships fail because of tiny useless dick. i fall for girls pretty easy and j get very attracted to women but im unable to give any of them the fucks they crave because they all have been open with me about how small i am and how awesome a big thick dick is. i'm also just not very dominant no matter how much i've tried. instead of trying to fight this and denie it like most small guys do and embarrass myself further, i've decided to accept that bigger cocks are way more satisfying to women, i will never have that. i started feeling very turned on by the idea of being weaker and inferior. big cocks have always intimidated me but i didnt realize how submissive they make me feel. i felt like that was the universe telling me a weaker submissive guy like me who cant satisfy a woman belongs on his knees worshiping the real cocks who can. i've never felt happier and i'm addicted! i have lots of videos of me sucking like a good boy to share. would love to share the full story with the ladies and talk about why big dicks are so much better and how sad my dick is . looking for someone who's not afraid to be mean and honest because i love hearing the truth especially if it makes me feel weak and inferior. https://imgur.com/a/pa1v4af", "don't really have much else to say. i want a boyfriend, nobody wants me? i do get attention but it's actually really hard for me to get a date. i am educated, i have my own job, my own car, and my own house (yes i know 24 is young to be a homeowner in this economy). i don't double text or call a hundred times a day. but it's literally been impossible for me get a dinner date. i finally went on a short date for a walk in the park today with a man i met and after right i left he literally texted me that he's not interested. help pls.  &#x200b;  &#x200b;  [https://imgur.com/a/ix7zaoi](https://imgur.com/a/ix7zaoi)", "Hey I am home alone nayone wanna help me get Send me pictures of your daughters friend anything to let me get oof to", "https://m.imgur.com/a/rwjr0om", "i'm 28, 6'5, bearded, dad bod.  love pop punk, hardcore and hip hop. horror movies (or most movies really) and the office are my favorite things ever.  dog dad. travel enthusiasts. craft beverage nerd. tattoo admirer.  i have kik and willing to download other chat apps!", "aj74445  older+++ hairy +++  verbal +++  everyone welcomed tho", "how would karen's questioning by nadeem in episode 7 following the *bulletin* attack have gone if matt, not foggy, had been her lawyer for that scene? would karen have a different attitude in telling nadeem \"that's not the real daredevil that just killed all those people\"? would nadeem have noticed something off about matt?", "25 uk. horny lad uk lads are +++ add - duncanwentworth", "hey i have a day off from class today ( thank my professor) so if you want to have me at your feet today, begging for you to just look at me and enjoy your company feel free to me a line :)  pics, kik, any kind of info you're wanting to give me would be awesome :p", "Looking for some fun in the DC area with women who have a thing for In search of someone who is DDF and A bit about slim athletic and have a thick 8 inch Happy to swap sfw and NSFW pics via", "hi! im alyx and im looking for limitless or near limitless friends, sub or dom, im a switch so it doesnt matter to me! i know this is short, its because im not good at this part. i hope you forgive that and send me a message on either kik or telegram.", "This gem of a piece of writing was by the very talented original script posting is audio can be found on my Soundgasm", "i would love for someone to help me cum thick loads ;) add up: thickand6", "tell me all about what secretly gets you off! ;) looking forward to the orange envelopes!", "Horny as fuck right Looking to get off with 26 year old white Kinks teen sexy t gangbangs and mmf drugs and girls Love to chat about fucking my naughty ex and other Want to chat and trade and get Message me with your kik and age", "hit me up with age and a pic", "looking for a woman to control me. pm with your kik!", "message me at babyitsanewday69 with ur asl and a nice pic to make this interesting. i wanna make you cum hard. i have a bunch of hot big tits, nice hard cocks and huge loads of cum gifs vids and pics for you. be bi, bicurious, gay, or very very open minded for me to help you unload. see you soon ;)", "looking for a kikpal who wants to play a bit. i love show offs, but i love a good conversation too. tell what you made for dinner, let me know if it was great or if you burned it...then show me your boobs hah", "+18 only please! all characters must be 18+  i'll roleplay for anyone as any celebs. i'll do any  roles but! you have to send pictures of my outfits and porn fakes of myself :)    my kik is heyhere109  another thing i ask for is that you bring your own scenarios and please please please be able to carry a conversation with me :)  remember, my kik is heyhere109  hope to see you all there and i'm praying the bot doesn't take this post down for not enough words! xd  see you all there  xoxo  .....", "looking for a cum swallower . pics on my profile. hmu in pms. you host or i get a pricey hotel room. i love to 69. will go down on you too, or more. 7 inches hard. i get hard again 5-8 minutes after orgasm. pm me", "Work nights and up in the morning Just looking for someone needing a We can trade Something to fulfill both our Married but single is fine", "hello stranger,  i'm just another fellow stranger redditor. if you are reading this, then that means you are just as curious and spontaneous as i am. to be honest, i just got out of a long-term relationship and just want to have some kinky, sexy, spontaneous fun.  honestly, i've never done this before, but i've read success stories and it seems so thrilling and it is something that i want to try. i'll be in san antonio all next week, but will only be available on monday night (december 3) - i'll have a nice hotel room by the airport.  the thought of a stranger coming into my hotel during a business trip and i just eat them out is so exciting and invigorating. i would love to go down the elevator and make eye contact with you from across the lobby. then you can meet me in the elevator and we can tease and tempt each other on the way up to my room. i'd slowly start to undress you as we walk down the hallway and once we get in to the room and shut the door - well that you'll just have to wait and experience.  a little bit about me - i'm 23, 5'7, average weight - 175lbs. i'm clean, kind, and honest. i'm a working business professional and i'm looking for someone as spontaneous as me to come join me. i can come to you, i could host, or we can have some public fun. people say i'm a funny and witty person, so hopefully you'll enjoy your time with me with some good conversation also.  if you prefer, we could always meet up for a drink before and get to know each other and calm some nerves down or just keep it mysterious - up to you!  i'm down for any ages, race, and body type. all i care about is if your clean and kind - bonus if you are funny and can make me laugh! if you would like to reciprocate, then amazing. if not, then i will eat you out all night. if we go any further than oral, we must use protection for both of our safety!  anyways, i hope to hear from you soon! send me a dm and we can get to know each other and work out the details. lets make this success story happen!", "lately i've really been enjoying helping women get off so i'd like to offer my services again tonight. just send me a message with some of the things you like and i'd be more than happy to help. also willing to chat, play games or any other fun ideas you might have.", "im 23 5 8 and 140lbs mildly covered in tats. i get off on sucking big dick. hopefully getting blown gets you off. pm me(:", "Think it was made by found a gif of the scene I remember it starting with the guy giving Gigi a massage and moving onto sex Had a decent link but find the scene now any links appreciated", "<partner search>  im 18+and all the characters and participants must be 18+.  hi, im searching for someone to roleplay about mainly anime stuff with me, im open to do other types of roleplay if you have a good plot.  any gender is welcome to me: female, male, femboy, futa. i play as a switch, sometimes dom, sometimes sub, it depends of the mood.  the list of anime that i watched is huge, but the last ones that i watched was boku no hero academia, monster musume and jojo's bizarre adventure(already read the manga too). i want you some other one, just ask to see if i watched.  kik:bmenezes167.  ps. i prefer it to be nsfw", "first one was good and trying again. looking to have a good time, ideally get to know each other on snapchat. sadly i can't host :(  pm me or drop a message if you're interested.", "come chat with me about your dirtiest kinks.  i'm bored and i can't fall asleep.   maybe you want to play a game or you have a rp idea.  doesn't matter just let me know what's up.", "seeking a suitable online married or single to serve as my personal I prefer younger than but age is not too important other you are 18 or you should be eager to and able to write well and hold a Inexperienced or curious females are welcome to I am love the and snowboarding and would like to hear about your also and expect my instructions to be followed to the Interests of mine light Not interested in blood or extreme If any of this has caught your feel free to message me with a little information about", "lt5184", "hello there,  i'm guessing this is a long shot, but i am hoping to find a sexy, fun goth/witchy girl that would love to have a long term penpal.  hard to fully describe what i am looking for in this post, but feel free to send me a message and we can talk about all your questions.  what sorts of magick do you like?  okay, let's chat.", "Hey dirty Stuck at work today and would love a fun Nothing better than teasing all day open I love chatting about turn Sharing pics is also a very fun way to pass the time", "**good morning/evening/night where ever you are in the world.**    *let me introduce a little bit of myself :)) i am 20 years old. i am a very positive and nice young girl. i like to have fun and just have a nice time in this sometimes cruel world. :((*   **i like to go on loooong walks on the beach or some other wonderful and interesting place. i like to read and i have so much love for dogs. i even go to pet shelters when i have free time.**    *what i do for a living ...hmm well i work at a retail store as a cashier and i part time study.*    but life isn't only sunshine and roses for me, that is why i am here to ask for help and give you a good time. **i have nobody. i have almost no relatives and i have a small girl to take care of. we live very bad and in a bad neighborhood and i really need this money to move out and start something new. i love her more than anything so that is why i am doing this to give her a better life, but i for some reason enjoy this so get me while you can :))**  **that is why i am offering custom pictures, videos, live shows, sexting, roleplay etc. i do anything you want. i have no limits. just no shit please.**  *and no judgement please!*  **kickk name-** megt1010", "m 20 looking to be fed pics or vids, also telling me what to do or how to would be fun! pm me for kik", "service(s) needed: looking for interactive cam session from a seller that can lead the conversation. looking for joi and edging during the session while i use my fleshlight.  budget: flexible for the person, but generally around $80  specifics (requests, kinks/fetishes, time requirements, etc.): looking for a nice set of lingerie, garter, stockings, pantyhose, etc.  type of seller i'm looking for (age, race, dom/sub, body type, etc.): not very picky, but will need to be more on the dom side.  preferred payment method(s): paypal, altcoin, manyvids, open to there methods", "i'd love to meet a charming southern lady who also has a kinky side.  you like to put on some sexy stilettos, thigh highs, and lipstick to look drop dead gorgeous, but with the twist that you want to enjoy just how good you look when i'm sucking on your strapon and you slide it deep into my horny ass, while i groan a moan for more.  fuck me missionary and make me cum in my mouth, bend me over your desk, fuck me against the wall, let's have kinky fun in every way we can imagine!", "just felt like a few of my pics would go better with In got a few good pics to share with prefer a woman or trans but totally fine with a dude as long as I do admit the captions like are pretty", "i am 18+ and all characters and participants must be 18+  anything not in my limits is most likely fine. feel free to ask.  limits: blood (excess blood, scraping my knee for roleplay purposes is different), gore, death, animals/furries.  1. incest. what can be said here? any relationship goes, i can play dom or sub, younger person or older.   2. giantess. for an unknown reason (we can decide in kik) i begin growing quickly. maybe i'm 10 feet, maybe +100. alternative is only my tits and ass grow, so my clothed hardly fit, and i can hardly move.  3. unsure what to call this. this is more specific. you have the ability to control anyone, and while they can try to fight it, almost none can. use this to take advantage of me. i can try to fight, but in the end don't, and even begin to love it.  4. you bring one. i'm open to new ideas, but don't expect me to be forced to do so. i will take it into consideration, of course.  kik: spacegoatsexist  please tell me which you like, and feel free to combine them. i don't expect paragraphs, a couple lines per text is fine. that said, please don't go to a few words per line.   character: alisa, 5'3\", long brown hair and eyes, c cups and a nice ass with good figure. i have no reference pictures.", "Hairy Dom wanting a sub to strip for pleasure Username gduiitn Will trade if it comes to", "i have a party room and like to let people watch me fuck, get fucked, order you around and dance seductively. cum find me igiveupfinito", "she's 18, hot as all hell! kik is jacdaripper. give what she deserves!!", "kik but pref sc", "good morning!  24 year old guy here! white and in good shape who's looking for some cute feet! i need to occupy my free time with some asap! big or small, doesnt matter to me! so long as they are clean and soft! will send a picture too once we get talking!  don't be shy if you're new to this kind of thing too! would love some \"foot virgins's\"? i guess is the word dang i hope that's not creepy  i can host or travel!", "do you or your gf/ wife have some big round tits for me to cum on with my 7.5\" cock, message me with your kik.", "Was cleaning up the old recycle bin and found a bunch of old photos of my Would love to see if you guys like her as much as I Would love to hear some juicy stories about and nudes can go to those willing to do Info in", "does anyone have a link to a gallery showing the bodies of 9/11?   i have only found 10 or so in a forum and bullshit from pinterest. you'd figure there would be a site with 100's of graphic photos of the deceased that day", "Visiting Looking to entertain couples with my nice 7in shaved tool and muscular I play by YOUR Open to all Practice safe PM if", "hey dkp, i've got a dick ( https://imgur.com/a/0by7y ) and a fleshlight just begging for some fun tonight. i'm sure you've got some toys for yourself too waiting to cum out and play. pm me if you're interested in dirty chatting, swapping pics/vids, and getting off to each others sexy bodies.   prefer women around my age, who take care of their body, and who can keep up a conversation with more than one word responses. let's have some fun ;)", "looking to go to rabb.it or even just cam.  black or brown subs get first pick to worship this white cock. get on cam and show off your body for daddy and cum while i stroke my big cock. i prefer a fem little bitch that wants to fill his ass, but if you just want to stroke and cum for daddy while calling me master that will be fun too.  big plus if you have toys, like anal, and really big plus if you like gagging, puking, and piss  you need to be willing to get on mic, i prefer both cam and mic. no need for full face but i do want to see you gag.  no limits at all.", "hello reddit, im back again looking for super hung guys to please. i have a thick sister who i look up to as inspiration. i am looking for hung guys to chat with and help cum. i am a huge slut so nothing is off limits. minimum 7 inches and live pics please.  any questions, ask away!", "i do.", "i love my gf to death but she always comes home complaining about the other girls at work talking shit about her or how she thinks they are prettier than her. and as much as i wish they'd stop making her feel bad, it turns me on so fucking much. don't hold back. or you can make her your personal slut, use her however you want, i would love that just as much. or go for both. honestly down for anything related to her, even cucking. not looking to make this a reality, just trying to enjoy the fantasy, please understand that. if you don't send your kik, you dont get a reply. hit me up", "She said that bilateral meetings are also planed with the President of the Prime Minister of Japan and the Chancellor of Germany and a working dinner with Chinese President XI", "how the fuck you write why someone should sleep with you in a post...i new to this and am looking for someone around my age to help me get over the first hump. i need to lose my v card dating is a challenge cause it seems like every girl this being a virgin is a turn off so i'm hoping someone her doesn't. a little about me...i'm in college, i write music, and play 4 instruments that's really it.", "daddy wants to watch his babygirl wet her panties pm me for kik or take a guess", "[https://youtu.be/hm6vgcy4u2a?t=66](https://youtu.be/hm6vgcy4u2a?t=66)", "i would love to spend some time chatting with women who enjoy being submissive, whether in real life or in fantasies. does that sound like you? then send me an orange envelope with a little info about yourself!", "@lg-tycho", "clean cut and handsome male seeking an ongoing partner for Looking for regular get togethers with an ongoing partner for I am very polite and respectful and have been in an ANR relationship", "hey! i've been craving more dirty roleplays so here i am. i usually play as a submissive female or male. please say which gender you want me to be when you message me.  things i'm interested in doing: beast (i've never done it before, but i'll try it), non-con, daddy/daughter (or son), mom/son, master/slave, teacher/student, piss  kinks: non-con, rough sex, degrading, humiliation, dry humping, choking, grinding, anal, piss  limits: scat, snuff, vore, threesomes, cheating on my character  rules: 1. only literate. that means no asterisks and only 2-3 lines. 2. do not just send me 'hey' or i'll probably decline your message. 3. i don't send pictures. 4. you can bring a reference picture for me if you'd like. 5. do not have bad grammar and/or run-on sentences. it's annoying. 6. don't send more rp responses if i leave you on seen or take a while to reply. i have a life.  we can think of plots when we start talking, but i'll list down a few right now.  mom/son: your father has been on a business trip for a while and i'm starting to get needy. you're the only other man in the house so i begin to tease you in hopes that you get a hint.  teacher/student: i'm a slutty student and you're a sexy teacher. i constantly bend down to show my panties and accidentally touch your crotch to get you flustered. one day you tell me to stay after class.  daddy/daughter: you've been trying to hold back your urges ever since i turned 16, but now you can't control yourself. you sneak into my room one night and begin to touch me.  if you're interested message me on kik @ mcr.is.fxckin.ready  include '5' in your message so that i know where you came from. do not just send me '5' though. include the roles you want and a plot as well as a reference picture if you want me to have one.", "as title suggests i want to exchange pics/gifs that are related to cheating. preferably the girl is cheating.  also open to other taboos besides: incest, humiliation, blood, scat, permanent damage  if you're a cheating slut then i'm also willing to try a text based rp if you want. one of my favorite scenarios is one where i'm trying to bring your slutty side in the hopes of making you do slutty things. gifs and stuff will still be included in the rp", "anon account for obvious reasons. title says it all, looking to get my head between a beautiful girl's legs and make her happy because i really miss giving head. recently became available so thought \"why the hell not?\"   i am 5\"11, short dark hair with a short-ish beard and dark eyes. normal build, not chubby but not what you'd call slim.   the only criteria i have is that you are ddf as i am and i don't want that to change.   my intention is entirely to get you off and make you have a great evening, if you want to reciprocate i won't say no but i'm not expecting anything from you.  doesn't have to be a one-time thing if you don't want it to be but i have no expectations either way.   i am able to host depending on the date but would be willing to book a hotel if also you cannot host, i drive so no distance is too far.   drop me a message and we  work out dates that suit us both.", "I caught a glimpse through her bedroom door about a month and been able to shake the the sexiest thing ever hoping for someone older to contact Please send a PM with a little bit about you", "all characters and participants must be 18+  i would be playing the role as your astranged nephew (18) who had been orphaned by a terrible accident. my only family left would be you, my widowed aunt (40+) of 5 years. so staying with you for a few weeks you've been trying to make me feel better and you're at your wits end, but during these few weeks you begin to see me in a different light, seeing me stepping out of the shower, undressing with an open door ect. same goes for me, i'd see you undressing, showering, walking in on me masturbating, ect. one day you come home from work (or whatever you'd like), going into your room you change clothes and get into a relaxed mood and have the thought of checking on me. as you approach the door you hear me moaning and saying your name. when you open the door you discover me with your dirty panties masturbating.  ( if you want to change anything about the scinario we can talk about it!)  kinks : i'm pretty open. my favs being sloppy bj, lots of cum, tongue out/eye rolling orgasm, facial, hot dogging.   limits : gore, vore, humiliation, bdsm, scat.   that's it. if you're interested please message me! my kik is :agoddamlambman", "hello. i am a man and i have a female friend who would like to masturbate while watching me have sex or give/receive oral with another woman. if you have a bit of an exhibitionist side and are interested let me know. i can share pics of myself and the woman.  thanks for reading and have a great day!", "Send me them or comment below", "i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  i've been reading a lot of isekai manga lately and would like to try and craft my own role-play with someone, while also creating a harem as usually happens in those stories/anime. as much fun as it would be to do this as a group, with each participant crafting their own character, and with enough response, i'd be happy to do that, finding one person who can play multiple characters is probably a bit more realistic. i prefer to play in third person and i think that's more appropriate for this style of role-play. it will be a clean/dirty mix, so if this sounds interesting to you or if you have any questions, please message me at 2jacktastic  i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+", "daddy and i have talked about taking on a third person in our relationship. we have decided that an online submissive will be the better fit for us as of right now.   we are looking for a woman submissive or a trans woman that has some experience in the bdsm community. i have been involved in bdsm for about 5 years and my partner is new. we would like someone that understands the fluidity of relationships, respects the rules we lay out, and respects themselves enough to speak up when they feel uncomfortable.   we would like for this to be long-term, but will start with a trial period of 1 month. after this time, if one or more of us feels the fun has run its course, we will go our separate ways. we will require you have internet access with a webcam. you will see us and we would like to see you as well.   please pm this profile if you are interested.", "hello guys of reddit and that one girl who actually clicked on here, in 5 reasons i'll explain why i am **at least** a below average catch for anyone. i know, right off the start and already setting that bar high eh? that said lets get into it   &nbsp;   1: i have some nifty sweaters and hoodies you can steal from me  2: hold onto your seat for this one... *i actually know how to play minesweeper*  3: if we're ever attacked by a gang of up to and including 3, 5 year olds, then i have at least a 67% chance to get us out alive.  4: i haven't watched *any* tv series. you get to show me all your favorites.  5: maybe 5 reasons was a *tad* too much  &nbsp;  alright, jokes aside:  i'm looking currently for a girl who is interested in getting to know each other, and see if we connect at all.  &nbsp;  **some things about me:**  i'm a 6 foot, roughly 170 pounds white guy.  located in downriver. for reference, i'm 10 minutes away from downtown trenton.  computers are a major part of my life. i'm currently working on college to eventually get a degree in computer science.  video games as a whole are a major part of my life. i mainly play on the computer and switch.   i love reading dark fantasy books and historical novels. in terms of music, i listen to power metal, my favorite bands being powerwolf and sabaton.  i'm an avid hiker, having hiked everywhere from the puerto rican rainforest, the grand canyon, and yellowstone. if you do hike, or are interested in getting into hiking i'd love to go sometime!  i'm extremely interested in history, namely europe's ancient and medieval eras. i have bookshelves full of historical novels and books that display weapons and armor. i also collect weapons and armour! any more questions for me are welcomed!  &nbsp;  **for what i'm looking in a girl:**  within an hours drive or so at least, as i'd like this to eventually be an in person relationship as well.   drugs free  non-heavy drinker, as in drinking all day everyday.   low to no tattoos. i personally just don't find entire sleeves and the like attractive.   i'd prefer you connect with one of my interests to start us off.  somewhere in my age range. 18-23 would be my limits.  doesn't mind dark humor  &nbsp;  **bonus points:** this is just some things that are in no way required, but would be amazing  **a hopeless romantic:** yes, i'm a hopeless romantic and if you are too that would be amazing. by that i mean, i would love if you were eventually open to doing some of the \"gushy\" stuff. examples being, lets watch a christmas movie together while it snows out, and a fire roars inside. or lets go on those midnight walks together where we just talk about whatevers on our mind.  **a gentle femdom:** first off, this isn't strictly a sexual thing. while yes it is some, i also would love it for the relationship aspect. this meaning that you would be more of the leading one in some of the things we do, doesn't have to be entirely, but more so then the average relationship has. it's just something i personally like, to have someone else leading me as well, but is in no way expected.  **be open to hiking to some degree:** as of the past year, hiking has been a growing part of my life and something i would love to be able to share with you. i'm not saying we have to start off doing a 10 mile up hill dead of summer hike, or ever get to that point, but i would love it if you wouldn't mind starting it with me if you have never hiked before.   &nbsp; man, you managed to make it through my post! good job! give yourself a pat on the back for making it through this train wreck. that said i can only assume you are *beyond* lustful after reading those 5 reasons, and i'm excited to see your pm!", "hi there!  i'm a daddy from the us looking for a special little someone to be my princess, best friend, and kinky little plaything and in return i'll be your protector, caregiver, and best friend too! i'm 6'1, slim, blue eyes, brown hair, and willing to exchange pics when we start talking. i'm ultimately looking for someone i can be with forever and devote myself to. i want to be *your* daddy and i want you to be *my* little girl.  the things i'm most into are ddlg and pee play so it's important you like those too. with ddlg i enjoy both the innocent caring aspect and the naughty more sexual side. i want to say sweet good nights to you and tuck you into bed at night, make sure your teeth get brushed and work gets done, play dress up with you and read you stories, take you to the potty, give you baths and attention and watch disney movies together, play with your princess parts, and lick you clean if you've had a little accident.  when it comes to pee play i adore pretty much everything about it. i want to make sure you stay hydrated throughout the day and deny you relief as your bladder swells and presses against your tight jeans. i want to tease you with a full bladder until you start to spurt and leak. i want to make you leak a little bit into your panties when you're out during your day so your wet panties rub against you as you walk and remind you of me. i want to lay under the stars cuddling you and make you piss your panties on top of me. i want to take you outside and force you on your hands and knees, pull your panties to the side and slip inside you and fill you with my warm piss. just pretty much anything to do with pee it's immensely appealing.  i'll be open and honest and trustworthy and expect you to be the same. good communication is important in any relationship and especially so when it comes to dynamics. i want to get to know you both as a \"big\" and a little, sexually and non sexually, and if the balance ever feels off i trust you'll let me know.  looking forward to talking to you, and let me know who your favorite disney princess is!", "can't sleep, too horny. wanna hear your slutty stories and your fantasies.  kik themanjp63", "watching porn and looking for a JO chubs bc4ym", "want someone eager to show off and have their tits rated. kik sendyourtitpicstome if you are interested", "i am jerking off using some bras that i have, some are my moms, sisters, friends, and some others that i have bought. i'll send lots of vids and pics of me using the bras, and i can wear them too if you want me to. tell me which ones to use.  https://imgur.com/gallery/o8ikdm7  i want someone to send me pictures of girls in bras to help make me cum.  or give me joi pretending to be my mom or sister. sending me voice clips telling me what to do and stuff(m or f welcome)  or an incest roleplay, either way, whatever we do i want a few pictures as we go :)", "\\*\\*disclaimer: i'm an adult and this is purely a fantasy that i'm looking for another adult to play with.\\*\\*  fair warning, this is kinda dark. it involves a kidnapped little girl becoming a slut (which she enjoys) but the kidnapper seems to outsmart the police and delights in taunting her parents with what she's doing. i'd really like to play up that angle: the pervert getting off knowing her parents see what he does to her and the little girl acting so happy despite being treated like a sex object.  \\*\\*\\*\\*\\*  as days turned to weeks and weeks to months, the police tried their best to console the distraught parents of lily davis. she disappeared without a trace and, in spite of the best efforts of investigators and volunteers, the police came up empty handed. they would never stop investigating, the police assured her parents, but the probability that she was still alive was little to none. mr. and mrs. davis tried their best to resume a normal life... until a mysterious appeared for the police on the very day lily would have turned 10 years old.   officer stone took a deep breath, \"i have to tell both of you that you're daughter might be alive. but i don't think its a good idea for you to see the video.\"  \"you have to let us see the video!\" mrs. davis demanded, trying to make an emotional plea, \"i have to know that my baby girl is alive and okay...\"  it was hard to tell what was going on at first as the video came into focus, there was grunting and fast movement, but it quickly became apparent. the movie was shot from the man's perspective and directed down at a naked, pigtailed girl on her knees. the man held the girl's pigtails tightly in either hand like handlebars and thrust away, his hard cock sliding in and out of her mouth, balls slapping against her chin, pressing her face into his wiry pubic hair.   \"oh my god,\" mrs. davis shuddered and covered her mouth in horror. mr. davis gulped hard and looked white.  the girl was unmistakably their daughter. she was blond and small, paler than usual like she hadn't seen much sunlight and skinny. her face was heavily made up with foundation and runny mascara like someone intentionally wanted her to look like a whore. around her neck, she wore a dark collar with the word 'fucktoy' emblazoned in silver.  abruptly, the man thrust hard down the little girls throat, making her gag and snort. then he pulled out and rubbed his cock all over her face before twitching. his penis quivered and then began to shoot milky ropes of cum all over the little girl's face. at this point, she began to giggle and smile. she even looked upwards with her big, blue eyes... lily's eyes.  \"mmm,\" the man behind the camera groaned as he finished and paused before he spoke, \"wanna say hi to mom and dad?\"  lily shook her head, \"uh uh.\"  \"no?\" the man chuckled uncaringly, \"you don't like them? you wanna stay and live with me instead?\"  \"yeah!\" lily's eyes gleamed and she nodded excitedly, sticky cum and makeup running down her face.   \"good girl,\" the man said, \"i bet dad is pretty jealous of me right now. be a good girl and tell mom and dad where i had my cock before i fucked your mouth!\"  lily giggled happily again, \"up my butt!\"  \"that's right sweety. oh i bet daddy is real jealous now!\" he laughed wickedly, \"how about you show mom and dad your room? let them see how good you have it here, how well i take care of my little fucktoy.\"  lily nodded and the man moved the camera so there was a greater view of her surroundings. the floor and wall of the room were cold, gray concrete like a basement. lily kneeled on an old mattress without sheets and began to narrate as the camera panned around the room. \"that's the shower,\" lily said as it showed a wall with a hose coming out of it. \"and that's the potty,\" she continued as the camera panned over a bucket in the corner. then it went back down to lily on the mattress, \"and this is my bed!\"   the camera panned slowly over lily's exposed, prepubescent body. \"i think it's time we let mom and dad go. we need to get back to your training, princess,\" he said, \"but we'll be talking again with them soon, real soon. maybe after you meet some of my friends. \"  officer stone had to explain, as the video ended, that there was very little if any clues it had given them. the room was simply too empty, too hard to place and the man unknown to them. they weren't even sure how recently the video was made.", "https://imgur.com/6bqkkpj", "love otter boys love bubble butts  love freeballing", "Hi guys This is being collected anonymously for a doctor to use in a series of articles on healthy sexy and positive male body Would you mind filling out this quick Thanks in", "hey there i am wanting to find someone to do captions with. both of us will provide pics and captions to do, all pics should be nude, and preferably amateur. let's talk kinks and limits in private!", "https://i.imgur.com/zbrdesr.jpg  we're a young horny couple from london uk and we really get turned on by rating things you send us! porn, nudes, stories, dirty talk or anything you wanna share, send it to us and we will rate it out of 10 and say what we think! if we get turned on by it we will probably share more of us;)   also looking for a girlfriend as a couple so if that's a thing you're looking for too definitely message us!  only bi females and couples welcome!   our kik is handtx  message is here or there! come and play! xxx", "I am and all participants and characters must be Hi After watching 28 later and Doomsday loosely based around The Crossed NSFW I decided to create a roleplay based around the hoping to find someone that wants to create a smut filled adventure with controlling most other characters and the the gist of but I have specific ideas for the instead of completely losing their minds and attacking like for our infected to be at least of their actions and but without their societal letting them express their deepest Of it also increases the aggression they feel towards Originally developed for animal breeding it was hijacked by an unknown terrorist and unleashed upon the population of the United As for my like her to be one of the original scientists working on the who gave herself a strong resistance to the not completely and still feels some of the but she can resist it unlike the rest of the like for our story to start at near ground zero for the at her office when the first man a few blocks away Kinks honestly into although some of my favorites include dirty fat stinky piercings and gangbangs and a fan of mostly everything So if interested in this kinky please message me here on Reddit with your as my kik name has DRIVEN", "hi, i'm arianna a small sleek kitty boy with black fur and cyan highlights. i'm a detailed roleplayer and i love worshipping all kinds of doms especially herms and i was wondering if there were any masters/daddies/mistress/goddesses/mommies in need of someone to use to relieve some stress after a hard day at work and also someone who wants to worship you to give your ego a little boost", "**haha, hi guys :)!!**   &#x200b;  **i forgot i had a reddit, ill look more into it tomorrow :)**  &#x200b;  **any followers on here ? ;)**", "are there any girls who would like to read a sexy story that i can send you on kik? i love helping girls get off, and you get a free story in the process.", "ummhii7989", "I know motion controls are not while playing in handheld mode but do I have the to use motion controls in handheld if I so Are motion controls when playing docked Or am I able to just tap the A button like you can when playing portably in handheld Can you throw the pokeball accurately at different places on the screen with the JoyCon throwing If so is it more or less accurate than the Pokeball Can you curve the pokeball throws with the Joycon like you can in Pokemon Go", "i find so often the gif ends with the orgasm but i like to see the whole biological process! so fingers crossed.", "i was raised in a nudist family. if you want to ask questions or rp, send me your stats and kik sn.", "Ladies you want a big cock with lots of Guys do you have a special lady in your life who you think Send me your Slim and petite preferred A little preview of what to expect", "we are just two guys that love watching porn, masturbating, and having a good time. the only way to make it even better would be to have some lovely lady join us in our fun. your level of involvement is up to you, it's all just about having a good time with good people.  all shapes, sizes, interests, and ages (well obviously not all ages, 18+) are welcome. i have most of the major messaging apps, so we can talk more details on one of those, or here if your more comfortable with that. talk to ya soon ;)", "am and all participants and characters must be The first thing you ought to know about me is that a I REALLY enjoy being in the presence of a giant or giantess or being one So be surprised if a lot of my ideas include macrophilia or Aside from some of my other kinks are lactation and My limits are hard vore slowly warming up to soft At least those are the ones I can think of off the top of my before I tell you my like to list a my rules for with me 3 will vary depending on the Please be without using asterisks use decent and and please be able to play at least one female character multiple are a Thank With that out of the lets get into the Aileen shivered and held her knees to her chest eyes been hours since what had just been done to but she still feel any She still felt and each new wave of aching between her legs only served to remind her of what did those people call she thought to feeling that weird force at the back of her been getting slowly but it what they called All of a she that harrowing everything from being abducted from the park by some pretty ladies with a bag being put over her head to being stripped naked and put on a cold stone then having strange patterns and markings drawn on her body by some After remembered some but recall the only one that she thought meant in another Aileen felt like she was being pulled into a motherly hug by a very large the worst pain she ever felt in her life as whatever ghost that was holding her made love to The ghost then into after releasing into The change was albeit Aileen started to grow taller and her female genitals changing and getting replaced with painfully large male It was At the same she could feel some kind of flowing into as she sat in some kind of cell the weird people shoved her into after their She was still already well over fifteen feet tall She thought she heard a whispering voice in the back of her one that her but ignored Instead she kept her eyes shut and tried to focus on anything but the fact that she had somehow become a giant monster of a If interested I doubt anyone have any message me on Kik at a not an uppercase I hope to see you", "i'm new to this reddit and seeing if this actually works and if so i'd generally be surprised but that be great as well so if whatever happens happens tht be great", "hi there!  i'm a daddy from the us looking for a special little someone to be my princess, best friend, and kinky little plaything and in return i'll be your protector, caregiver, and best friend too! i'm 6'1, slim, blue eyes, brown hair, and willing to exchange pics when we start talking. i'm ultimately looking for someone i can be with forever and devote myself to. i want to be *your* daddy and i want you to be *my* little girl.  the things i'm most into are ddlg and pee play so it's important you like those too. with ddlg i enjoy both the innocent caring aspect and the naughty more sexual side. i want to say sweet good nights to you and tuck you into bed at night, make sure your teeth get brushed and work gets done, play dress up with you and read you stories, take you to the potty, give you baths and attention and watch disney movies together, play with your princess parts, and lick you clean if you've had a little accident.  when it comes to pee play i adore pretty much everything about it. i want to make sure you stay hydrated throughout the day and deny you relief as your bladder swells and presses against your tight jeans. i want to tease you with a full bladder until you start to spurt and leak. i want to make you leak a little bit into your panties when you're out during your day so your wet panties rub against you as you walk and remind you of me. i want to lay under the stars cuddling you and make you piss your panties on top of me. i want to take you outside and force you on your hands and knees, pull your panties to the side and slip inside you and fill you with my warm piss. just pretty much anything to do with pee it's immensely appealing.  i'll be open and honest and trustworthy and expect you to be the same. good communication is important in any relationship and especially so when it comes to dynamics. i want to get to know you both as a \"big\" and a little, sexually and non sexually, and if the balance ever feels off i trust you'll let me know.  looking forward to talking to you, and let me know who your favorite disney princess is!", "As November is winding down to its last gotten a No no need to no throbbing I hate to think that my getting used to the absolutely NO libido got no", "i'm just looking for some roleplays, nsfw of course, with a kinky person who at least likes scat and piss, and my only limits are hard gore.  i really like diapers and i'm down for getting a daddy or mommy if interested~  if you've got questions or are interested just hit me up on kik : joopadoop", "heya! simple enough pitch really, im a slim, horny, eighteen year old looking to trade photos/vids, chat, and show off to any couples, women (trans too!) who are interested! pm me!", "join me ??", "i am a 32 year old male master from scotland. i am currently seeking a female slave to control via kik. you will be expected to send live pics. i prefer girls with petite bodies. my only real limits are permanent and blood. i would like a slave with few or no limits. any limits you have, i may push but will ultimately respect.  what am i looking for?  simply put, control. ideally i would have control over every aspect of your life. i realise this is a lot to ask, and complete control is not necessary. at the very minimum i must have control over;  * your clothing - what you wear at home, at work, in public * your masturbation  what i would like to have control over;  * body grooming - hair style, shaving of armpits, pussy, legs * makeup * bed time and when you wake * how you complete chores * how you act at home and in public * exercise  this is just a sample, but i think this gives an idea of what i'm looking for.  if you have any questions for me, or are interested in being my slave, kik me @ ggowm", "Being naughty sc jakebeta6918", "want to have some fun? add: jonneyshowers", "my ex is a bigger girl. so these aren't size small. i'm sitting alone stroking my cock thinking of doing something with these panties i found left in the house. give me some ideas.", "sitting home with nothing to do right now. looking for a chat partner tor a dirty chat. kinks include anal, taboo, incest, choking and face fucking to name a few. hit me up if you would like to chat", "Maybe some sexy chatting with Or we can cam while I stroke for you begging to Up for basically Pm for more orrrrr Throwitaway28", "i'm gonna take 100mg of ibuprofen  fuck my back is gonna be a bitch", "hey folks,  i've run this game a few times now and had some great success, and would like to throw it out there again  i'm looking for someone who will join me in a game.  the format is this- - one person suggests a wager, could be a random number generator. could be something personal, could be anything. - other person sets the stakes, could be wearing certain clothing, behaving in a certain way, taking pictures, changing your display picture/name etc - players place their bets. - loser does their dare - loser sets new wager parameters - winner sets new stakes. - repeat  i personally am happy to play with anyone, but i'm into the following links: transformation, genderplay, mild bdsm, crossdressing(limited), anal play, d/s, dub-con.  hope to hear from someone soon! pm me here to get my kik, if you use it.", "no be around my timpix", "hello. i am looking for people who enjoy porn to share links and pics with. i enjoy reverse cowgirl. top performers are madison ivy, nicole aniston, layla london, august ames rip, leah ghotti, lena paul, athena palomino etc fairly vanilla   kik is the same as username but feel free to pm  also there was a dude that i talked with last night if you are out there hmu. you are 22 m and watched porn on a car ride chill guy.", "and of what shall we speak? at my age, we say, \"drop me a line...\" so, please do...", "chastity, joi, orgasm denial, voice task using kik voice and other kinks i like exploring with my subs must be obedient  igiveupfinito", "kik mike30d  31 m uk here  chat fun trade compare", "my wife suggested she would like me to coat my balls in chocolate. what would be the best way to go about this and get the chocolate to harden?", "i'm in to mood to talk everything pegging!  you in stockings and heels, with a delicious strapon that deserves to be sucked before i invite it into my horny ass... you playing with my cock as you fuck me missionary until you give me a facial with my own cum... my cumsoaked face as i suck my cum from your strapon... your tight sexy body against mine as you fuck me against the wall, my hand reaching back to squeeze your tight ass as i beg you not to stop...  you fucking my cum into my ass with your strapon... and anything else we can think of together!  lets get wild, wet, and kinky together!  i'm into sharing porn, cumming together, and getting my ass fucked by you if you're local.  i hope to hear from you sexy southern ladies!", "Definitely more sensual and looking to establish an emotional but fair in making love to with a slimmer build and brown hair Can definitely be awkward and I usually sing to myself while at and ask the most random questions I might be thinking about to whomever happens to be nearby I would love to explore and am open to casual sex to anything but right now love to explore the more casual I can and I have several deep and fantasies I want to try Drug and disease I mind cigarettes so much as long as you smoke around Not a drinker but maybe a glass of I want to be fully aware of going on when I look into your eyes and embrace the physical closeness between Looking for someone interested in the power exchange side of", "i want to moan for you while i touch myself. you can tell me what to do or what to call you. or how to talk to you. https://www.erome.com/a/t3i5iq9s", "requester - type what ya want drawn or ideas for drawings in the comments  artists - reply with a \"for $x\" or whatever you want", "my husband and i met jasper, our prospective bull, for drinks.  i wore my hair up to proudly display the milestone earrings on my right ear that each man had helped me get.  otherwise we all dressed conservatively since we had selected an upscale bar.  we all sat in a private both and got to know each other better over the course of three hours.  the conversation was awkward at first, and got better as we found common interests.  we could start to sense more energy as the initial drinks made us more open.  by the end of the night the guys shook hands in an unspoken agreement to see what would naturally develop. my husband basically told me on the way home i should proceed at my own pace.  there is no way to fully assess someone over three hours, but jasper seemed nice enough.  over the following three weeks i did take my time to learn more.  jasper and i exchanged texts and phone calls, and met for lunch a couple of times.  each time he would progress his touch, starting with holding my still anxious hands, then caressing my arm, or stroking my knee with the back of his fingers.  he was breaking me in slowly, and i loved it.  by the end of the second week my panties bore witness to my sexual attraction to jasper.  my husband smiled at the wet marks.  at the end of the third week i met jasper on a \"date\" for drinks at his favorite restaurant.  we enjoyed appetizers, and i was feeling so good that i drank a little too much.  he noticed i was in no shape to drive home, so he offered to give me a ride.  once we pulled into my driveway he commented on how secluded it was, and leaned over to give me a kiss.  jasper was grasping my knee over my skinny jeans, and i was feeling myself get wet.  what ensued was a massive make-out session, with me progressively getting hornier.  i noticed the significant bulge in jasper's pants, and reached over to touch it. he inhaled deeply.  i could no longer contain myself.  i unzipped his pants and loosened his button.  my hand slid through the cut on his boxer shorts and i pulled out his cock.  much like jasper it was long and lean, but brimming with easy power.  the head was three inches above my closed hand, which was now wrapped around his shaft.  i lowered myself to taste his manhood, licked the shaft up and then wrapped my lips around the head.  jasper moaned as i combined the movement of my lips and hands to increase his tension and suction, his breath accelerating as i picked up speed.  his hand came to rest on the back of my head, as he slowly started to add pressure to drive my head lower and his cock deeper into my mouth.  i began to feel the head on the roof of my mouth, and then deeper as more pressure was added by his hand for each stroke.  i did not know i could take a cock so deep into my throat, my saliva flowing freely and providing the required lubrication.  it eventually reached so deep that i gagged a little, and jasper started to ease up on the pressure.  we then found a good combination of depth, pace and suction.  eventually jasper neared climax, and removed his hand from the back of my head.  he was essentially giving me the option of how to finish.  i made the decision to taste his climax, and when it came i provided just lip suction and pressure from my tongue under his cock.  he filled my mouth, and for the first time in twenty years i tasted another man's climax.  once his cock stopped throbbing i slowly moved my lips closed from his cock's head, and swallowed what he had given me.  i felt naughty and exhilarated.  my panties had soaked through.  jasper leaned over and kissed me, and then said \"would you let me pleasure you back?\".  i was super tempted to bring him into the house, but decided that my husband and i had to chat a little before that happened.  my reply was \"soon\".  we kissed a little more before i left his car and headed into the house.  my husband was up, and so was his cock.  he looked at me and said \"remember how we bought that house camera to keep an eye on the driveway?  i saw the whole thing.  you were so hot! do you need some help releasing some of your own sexual tension?\".  my reply was \"oh, absolutely ...\"", "characters must be as well as the It was a pandemic for about 2 percent of the world population was changing their genders for some odd reason due to a new viral mutation causing one to change into the opposite it was known as gender biomorphism or known as Gb for Governments have funded these new schools or temperory classes that help rehabilitate those who have been affected by these Funny enough who are over the age of 30 arent affected at all and neither can it be passed down to other my Name is Danny and im am infected with such a disease that i had been sent to this school for the first presentation as i sat down next to another person presumably infected aswell whats been infected too huh kik is Youtoober12331 if you read what i wrote say Orange and continue what i i prefer it to be lengthy", "i want to be used and humiliated like i'm just something to dump in and ditch. please use me for anything you crave i want it bad even if i'm stuck at school.", "Quality muff diving is all about Learning how you like to be and verbally aroused for optimal A liberating experience where you give your body over to arousal and let your mind wander into the realm of fantasy finally I would like to find a curious lurker interested in exploring her fantasies if only the of the Internet could be paired well with someone who seem quite so A courtship of comfort without a rush to make your panties I imagine you checking your phone during your work glancing down during dinner with anticipating the vibration in your pocket is a message that sends your mind spent time alone with your wishing its tip was a crafty hands exploring your wanting something not sure ever go through with meeting someone to fulfill those desires but entertaining the idea drives your body your breasts seem more sensitive and ready to receive touch or arousal now has knowing you could convert the fantasy whenever more more more open with your fantasies and I am and I live alone in San Francisco and able to and willing to both push your boundaries and back off towards comfort when shutting down and concerned gone too find a an an and live out your fantasy that so far has only been", "hey, so i am a bit pent up due to having a high sex drive, but nobody to share it with (is that the right word?) and that really needs to change. i'm a tall dude (6'04\"), a little on the heavy side and though i'm certainly not hung, i've only had positive reactions when showing off my manhood. *\"that is a nice, fat fucking cock\"* is probably my personal favorite. most likely whatever kink you're into, i'm more often than not willing to do it.  i'm also bisexual and polyamorous, so if you're looking for someone to share me with then know i am more than happy to be shared. i really love me some curvy girls, especially if you could smother this naughty man's face with your chest but i'm also into small/petite girls too. also, i'm a switch, so i'm good for either being submissive or dominant, but either way i like it rough (especially choking and slapping).  if you aren't nearby i am more than happy to connect over discord or skype for audio/video calls, or even starting there if you want to use me some first before meeting up. feel free to message me or comment down below if you're interested. <3", "come on over here sweetie. come and sit on daddy's lap. are you ready to feel daddy thick middle finger along the waistband of your panties? time to make daddy smile.....eric8453", "Title says it all looking for a dirty girl who wants to play and be who say A slutty girl who wants to share all the dirty things she not shy about handsome Lets see what kind of trouble we can get", "i'm stuck in the office on this wonderful thursday. it's dead here today and i might go crazy out of boredom. maybe your day is similar. or maybe you're stuck at home but in need of the same. tell me about your day.   i love the excitement of a fun chat with someone new and letting the flirting take us wherever we want to go. if that sounds like your cup of tea, let me know.  male, white, 6ft, beard, couple tattoos, 10 fingers, 10 toes...you get the gist.", "experienced roleplayer looking for roleplay fun now.  kinks include but not restricted to: family. friends. bully. scally. chav. public toilet. gym. muscle. celebrity.  into all sexual experiences: anal. oral. double penetration. rough. non-consensual. humiliation. celebrity.  celebrities include but not restricted to: justin bieber. eminem. dappy. one direction. zac effron. nick jonas. channing tatum. taron egerton. conor mcgregor  very few limits.  i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  kik me scally.jamie", "Just moved here about 2 weeks ago was hoping to see out and about around I live just south of the city but can host or I have tomorrow off and am willing to give or receive I look forward to hearing from", "Looking for some delicious muff to dive However you want it or need no reciprocating got some a lot of patience and Let me satisfy Open to face sitting as relatively with a soft and trimmed Most clean and see if I can help", "chas wick14", "in season 3 episode 6, is it me or is there a bit of nonlinear storytelling going on as to how the scenes play out? call me crazy, but i think the scene where foggy meets with nadeem is supposed to take place before the scene of matt and karen finding jasper evans in the drug den, not after. for one, foggy opens the meeting by offering nadeem a bag from nelson's meats, and he says it's \"the sandwich you ordered last night\", not \"two nights ago\". second, karen's wearing the same clothes at the *bulletin* as she is at jasper's place, which to me says that after she and matt found jasper, she drove jasper straight to the *bulletin* while matt detoured to the church to change into more appropriate attire for his planned surrender to the fbi, for the scene with sister maggie.  &#x200b;  are my assumptions correct or not?", "i'm home and freezing, might as well be outside and freezing and laughing with someone new  &#x200b;  i'm 38, white, ph.d, professional job and career, single, native new yorker. people say i look like a modern professor. i love to laugh and meet new people and learn new things. some of my favorite things are films, music, studying healthcare, making the world a better place. i am equal parts naughty and nice. i'm safe and clean, lol. i wear glasses so you'd have to be ok with that. i am fairly fit as i play soccer. this is random acts so i should be much more explicit i know.. but i'll save it for when we connect. you won't be disappointed.   if you want some company over a drink, meet someone new, have fun, or have fun laughing about it with your friends tommorrow, say hello.  i prefer kik or texting on google chat.   if you say hello, please include age, general info like area, ethnicity, a little about you   xoxoxoxoxo", "pretty old and has a weird title like Frodo is an asshole or something like that", "kik me at planatooo! love to show her off!", "hi looking for how to introduce toys of any variety into the bedroom any tips or suggestions would be much appreciated :)", "my ex is a bigger girl. so these aren't size small. i'm sitting alone stroking my cock thinking of doing something with these panties i found left in the house. give me some ideas.", "Bubble butt bottom slut looking for BWC to Into but military and college Jocks are a Down for role playing or Hmu", "hey there! lets be honest, truth or dare can be a kind of childish game but i think with two(or maybe more) cool people it can be a lot of fun! it's a great way to break the ice and get people talking and having fun really fast so it seems perfect for here! right now i'm looking for one or two people willing to play and if i get enough responses maybe make a group and have lots fun! i am completely comfortable sending pictures and would like it if you are as well but they are not required beyond some form of verification. if you are interested in this at all please pm me!", "big asses grapejuuce80", "m 22 looking for another bud to control what i stroke to and how i stroke my cock. kik is rsmith1884", "I am very bored and would like to talk with maybe even trade If interested pm me your", "i purchased my first prostate massager/plug - the [pipedream anal fantasy perfect plug](https://www.amazon.com/pipedream-product-fantasy-perfect-silicone/dp/b00fq6anj6/ref=cm cr arp d product top?ie=utf8) and after receiving it, it looks worrisome that it could get lost inside. the \"tail\" is about an inch and a half long and the toy is quite firm but i'm scared to try it after getting it and realizing how small the tail really is.   what are your thoughts?", "looking for some quick fun this evening, title pretty much explains it. if you're interested please send me amessage and let's have some fun!", "looking for a cum swallower . pics on my profile. hmu in pms. you host or i get a pricey hotel room. i love to 69. will go down on you too, or more. 7 inches hard. i get hard again 5-8 minutes after orgasm. pm me", "hello everyone! today i'm here just looking for something in particular. the first thing im looking for is ferals, i'd like to do more with the anthroxferal thing. second im looking for a mother type figure for my sona, hes never had any parent's so id like to try out this dynamic for him (can be either sex driven or non sexual). but don't get me wrong ill take in any others other than what im looking for, nothing wrong with a good old role play.  as for me i have 9 years of experience, i'm,looking for at the minimum of 1to 2 years experience but if you have less don't worry it's fine just put in as much effort that you can or ask me for help if your stuck (i don't bite, ask for help :3) with that said i will not deal with one liners. if you approach me please have your ref ready and i will send you,mine in return. please don't make me ask you to send me your refs, i usually have long days of college that go from 6am to 8pm so if you could just be ready when approaching me i would highly appreciate it.", "\"normal\" mostly vanilla guy here, looking to play with a curvy/chubby/bbw friend this morning. we can chat as little or as much as you like, including long term if we have a particularly good time.  otherwise pretty straight forward stuff i think. pm me!", "i'm just jerking off and taking live pics/vids of my cock. i'm fit and good looking but don't know how to talk to women. i want a girl to watch me, it'll make me super hard. if you just wanna send porn or pics feel free. pm me for my kik.", "high and horny and wanna rp for the You can be my aunt or whatever who decides to take advantage of me during a family party after everyone else passes Drug my drink with Viagra and aphrodisiacs or any drug of your choice and force my to be your human cum Feed me fertility drugs that make my cock grow and balls swell up massively full of cumflation optional on you or make me your cum cow and force me to fill up whoever you Chocobro94", "looking for someone who likes to play with a smaller asian guy near tysons corner. usually i'm the one to bottom and swallow some cock but i haven't cum in a few weeks and would love to have someone swallow my cock.  definitely down to reciprocate and swallow your load or let you fuck me if you can make me cum.  22, fresh out of college, asian guy, little chubby, 4\" or so. i have kik if interested.", "show me you gf and i'll show you my 7 inch cock  sc = aabc4168", "m20/f19 looking for mf", "Hello Two years I was Not with a deadly mind but it did change my life For better or for I honestly I just know that it and cannot be Long story I was born with a Some weird of how most can regenerate even if I tried took anything my family could but nothing could do more than delay the when I was my doctor suggested a a Incredibly it It worked Within I was healthier than I had ever been in my I was healed remarkably and even my senses became with my sense of smell to a frighteningly high And side effects began to I was high on only to notice that over clitoris was It was a slow took but it kept and became a The doctors then realized their given me a liver from a The so to that had begun appearing in recent though they were still Futanari suffer from a mutation in their females with a physical strength The latter sometimes grow to incredible so many futanari have theirs removed at a young Apparently the futanari who gave me my new liver was an and some of her DNA this weird they fused with mine during the healing perhaps it would be better to say that it infected So now a been Two years down the and not much I can complain I my physical capabilities far exceed any normal and I never have to work out to maintain a killer I barely get I can eventually heal from anything short of a disembowelment or and now attractive to both All that kind of wish I had taken the surgery to remove my male I met a partner that could fit me since Junior gotten a bit backed and a whole host of other shit is dominating my so I never get the time to rub one And dear I have to would you mind helping me Something a bit this I decided to go for a spin on this and it be a fun one to and by the Archie is supposed to have posted this ad So begin the roleplay with your character contacting her for the first your first message to can be in I love when that Now who are A Someone from school have graduated in this A Or the doctor that did this to I want to keep this so pop into the shimmy up to my and BBY WANT SUM I play this like somebody would actually what I was thinking my looks something We can age her if too big for you had a growth spurt since her 5 months and minimum age of or we can age her for a more mature Or maybe the growth if curious to see what be like with this condition a few years down the As for your bring whatever looks you like to the so long as fine with most body types and though I will admit curvier ones are my And being curvy is a for You can find me here on or on Discord profile bio or message me for this and I wait to hear from", "married, moms, single ladies, i want to hear from you all! i've never tried pussy but i want you to convince me i'll like it :) women only. dm for kik.", "https://i.imgur.com/zbrdesr.jpg  we're a young horny couple from london uk and we really get turned on by rating things you send us! porn, nudes, stories, dirty talk or anything you wanna share, send it to us and we will rate it out of 10 and say what we think! if we get turned on by it we will probably share more of us;)   also looking for a girlfriend as a couple so if that's a thing you're looking for too definitely message us!  only bi females and couples welcome!   our kik is handtx  message is here or there! come and play! xxx", "hi there, i am a naturally submissive and feminine boy looking for my daddy. i am totally okay with bigger or hairy guys. i am looking for something that's a little long term.  kik username: robslut", "i've never posted an actual script on this subreddit before, so hopefully this in an acceptable way of doing so!  for the most part, the [*pause*] parts are just my way of saying that she is waiting for the listener to respond (even though they don't actually respond, but it makes it more realistic in my opinion).  hope someone likes this idea as much as i do! thanks!   **script**:   [*sound of door opening*]  sister: zack... come in here for a minute...   [*pause*]  i have to talk to you! come on!  [*pause*]  [*sound of door closing*]  [*pause*]  i... i know what you've been doing... (*giggle*) with my dirty socks...  [*pause*]  (*giggle*) don't act like you don't know! jerking off with your little sister's dirty, sweaty socks... sniffing them... licking them...   [*slight sexual groan*]  to be honest it actually kind of turns me on...  [*pause*]  that's right zack, i'm turned on by the fact that my dirty little feet make you so horny... that they make your cock nice and hard...  [*slight gasp*]  i can tell you're starting to get hard for me right now! don't worry, no one else is home... i have you all to myself...  [*pause*]  and if you don't do as i say... i'm telling mom all about what you like to do with my socks...  [*pause*]   (*giggle*) i knew that would work... now, lay down... yes, on my bed. now... i just walked home from school, and my socks are nice and sweaty...  [*sound of her slowly taking off her socks*]  mmm, i love how hard this is making you! now...  [*sound of bed shifting slightly*]  smell my dirty... sweaty socks big brother... (*giggle*)  [*pause*]  mmmm fuck you're getting so hard just from the smell you pervert!  [*sound of her taking off my pants*]  [*slight gasp*]  and you're rock hard too!   [*pause*]  [*sound of bed shifting*]  open your mouth... i said open your mouth!   [*pause*]  mmmm...(*giggle*) how does my sweaty little girl sock taste zack? (*giggle*) that's right, keep licking it... i want you to taste your little sister's sweaty feet  [*sexual groan*]  this is turning me on sooo much big brother... but i wanna see you cum...  [*pause*]   that's right, you're gonna cum for your little sister zack...  [*pause*]  [*sound of bed shifting*]  [*sound of shifting clothing*]  mmmm... do you like seeing me naked zack? (*giggle*) that's okay, your cock is telling me everything i need to know...   [*sound of shifting clothing*]  (*giggle* ) that's right, i'm gonna jerk you off with my sweaty socks, and you're just gonna lie there and cum for me zack... mmmm, i'll even turn them inside out so you can feel my dirty foot sweat all over your cock...  [*sound of socks shuffling*]  [*sexual groan*]  this is so dirty zack... mmmmm, but i love it (*giggle*)  [*pause*]  [*sound of socks shuffling slightly*]  you like it when i play with your balls too, don't you? (*giggle*)  [*pause*]  [*shuffling sound begins to speed up*]  mmm... you're so fucking hard for my feet big brother! are you gonna cum for me? mmm, yeah cum all over your little sisters dirty socks...  [*sexual groan*]  [*shuffling continues*]  are you getting close zack?   [*pause*]   good... cum for me baby... cum hard for your little sister... cum all over me!  [*shuffling continues*]  [*sexual gasp and moan*]  [*pause*]  ohhhh fuck... you came so much zack...  [*pause*]   mmmm... you taste... you taste so good...   [*pause*]  (*giggle*) maybe next time i'll use my actual feet...  [end]", "inch cut Looking for someone who wants to exchange pics of girls with nice cleavage in Lets swap pics and help get eachother If you are interested let me open to lots of other stuff", "https://assets-serve-ht.seancodycontent.com/m=e9m 8dr4sagql/static/persist/tgp/tgp1/thumbs/1815739 50.jpg", "https://imgur.com/xjr2haa", "", "this was a dedicated sub for edited images of celebs. the pics were not morphed, just of celebs in skimpy clothes slightly altered so that it appears as if they're not wearing anything. and there was no explicit nudity, just apparent nudity, as far as i can remember.", "hi i am 18+ and all participants and all character are 18+   so i have a list of roleplay to try out, please only message my kik for long term  *hero and villain couple, we have been together for awhile, my name is titan, i can do many things, fly, super strong, and can summon hell fire from my hands  and i am a villain, you are (come up with a name and your own powers) you found out who i am, and you try to make me like you the best you can  *breeding my pet, you are my pet and you are carrying my child, i have always treated you right, i have you crawl sometimes, and make my happy most of the time aswell. here i want a roleplay that starts as you pregnant, and continues after the pregnancy. we can discuss this more on kik  *your boyfriend is a demon. you have summoned me, i usually grant wishes but you had gotten me trapped. why, well you are crazy, you want to marry me, start a family with me, you want me for sex. you start to grow on me and i fall for you   *my crazy roommate. you are insanely hot and sexy, you are also insane, you tie me up in my sleep so that you can have your chance at making a family   *mib serleena impregnate. here i want to build a story before during and after the pregnancy. you cameto earth and stuff, but one thing, its mating season for you and you look for a permanent partner to make you pregnant.   *dark souls alva the wayfayer. this is a roleplay for those who know about alva's lore, i want to act this out, need someone to be my zullie, this can long term if you want      my kinks are impregnate, lactation, light bdsm my kik mr.tripplewow   if you have any ideas you want to try out go ahead and tell me, no idea is too small so just tell me and we can work it out", "hi! my name is chris im 21 and i live in california and i am looking for a rp partner to do a scenario with i dont care if you are male or female so long as you rp as a futa  my kinks include but are not limited to  light bdsm, forced feminization, excessive cum, cum inflation, rape, incest, age play (done by adults of course) and some beastiality  as you could probably tell from the kinks above i am more of a bottom.  now my limits include  gore, thats it like i said im pretty open.  some scenarios i thought of could be, mother on son) something about teaching him about the wonders of sex idk a whole prison scenario) maybe i get thrown into a futa prison by mistake or something, you can choose to play multiple or just one idc teacher on student or on multiple students) maybe failing a test would result in the futa teacher fucking you   feel free to pm me", "Come say Ummhii7989", "take your clothes off and kneel in my private room! touching my boobs gets me horny! if you are interested message me.", "looking for other hung guys and pervs(; sc crazyface22", "extremely horny and looking for a woman to help me get off through sexting and showing pics off of what u want to Message me", "[i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+]  hey i would love to do an rp where you would be playing as jessica nigri. and my character would depend on the plot. i have a lot and i mean alot of ideas involving her.  i am very kinky with very few limits. my only noteable limits is sounding, vomit, gore, vore, shit, strangling. that's it. my absolute favourite kinks on the other hand are big tits, hairy pussys, incest, milfs, lactation, squirting, piss, spanking, groping, kissing, tit play, toys, public and loads more.  my main idea would be that i am a fan of yours who wins a contest that you held on patreon. it was to spend a week with you at either your house or a convention so a hotel. on the first night you make me share a bed with you, things get heated and we begin a very romantic or pure sex relationship, maybe a mix of both.  we could do any form or rp, incest, milf next door, absolutely anything your choice   i do have tons more ideas, if that one didn't do it for you then either say your own or ask me for more.  my kik is deepvoidrps, i hope to see you all there", "it was a comic involving lesbian sex in an inn room   saw on hf originally  i recall the beginning having a painting of one of the two girls up in an inn, which is why the girl accepts the other girls offer to sleep in her room", "basically i want something to hide. ive been a good by for a long time and right now i just want a flirty girl to send me naughty snaps that i always have to try and keep hidden while im at work or at family functions. people are always grabbing my phone and using it so there is always a chance of us getting caught. that rush kinda turns me on. so basics are:  send me naughty snaps (you can decide how naughty) you chat every once in a while you get a guy who will shower you with compliments  i will never show them to anyone since well i am scared of getting caught.  other things: be single 26-32 female nice body", "first off i use a psvr. i like a few of the video previews i've come across and would like to purchase some full videos. i have gone to the official site and managed to get to the english version. is there a subscription for this site or pay per video? and it uses some type of \"points\" to purchase videos? seems a little convoluted. is there any other (easier) places to get the full videos from, like slr? thanks for any input.", "< plot based nsfw> me here again! so hello there to the person reading this i am here to do fandom rps of these three rps akame ga kill highschool dxd . i am looking for someone who has seen the anime rhey would like to do rhis rp with me and arw fairly literate since i do enjoy detail they just make the rp better . so with rhat being said rhe characters im looking for you to play are fairy tail: lucy, erza akame ga kill : leone esdeath , and highschool dxd : rias or akeno so if your intrestex in doing a rp kik me at slavegirl7767 hope to hear from you soon <3 btw i am 18+ and all characters in this story will be 18+ side note im only looking for long term rp partners who can provide lots of details", "20+++ into all sc. mkeaton645 hmu", "I want someone to help me get off or just tell me how useless my small cock is", "i know you can feel it deep inside you. the pull, the need to control over you. is time to give into your desires, your wants, your needs. i a very sensual femdom to get very easy into sadistic one! i am very experienced, i love to have the control!", "hello stranger,  i'm just another fellow stranger redditor. if you are reading this, then that means you are just as curious and spontaneous as i am. to be honest, i just got out of a long-term relationship and just want to have some kinky, sexy, spontaneous fun.  honestly, i've never done this before, but i've read success stories and it seems so thrilling and it is something that i want to try. i'll be in san antonio all next week, but will only be available on monday night (december 3) - i'll have a nice hotel room by the airport.  the thought of a stranger coming into my hotel during a business trip and i just eat them out is so exciting and invigorating. i would love to go down the elevator and make eye contact with you from across the lobby. then you can meet me in the elevator and we can tease and tempt each other on the way up to my room. i'd slowly start to undress you as we walk down the hallway and once we get in to the room and shut the door - well that you'll just have to wait and experience.  a little bit about me - i'm 23, 5'7, average weight - 175lbs. i'm clean, kind, and honest. i'm a working business professional and i'm looking for someone as spontaneous as me to come join me. i can come to you, i could host, or we can have some public fun. people say i'm a funny and witty person, so hopefully you'll enjoy your time with me with some good conversation also.  if you prefer, we could always meet up for a drink before and get to know each other and calm some nerves down or just keep it mysterious - up to you!  i'm down for any ages, race, and body type. all i care about is if your clean and kind - bonus if you are funny and can make me laugh! if you would like to reciprocate, then amazing. if not, then i will eat you out all night. if we go any further than oral, we must use protection for both of our safety!  anyways, i hope to hear from you soon! send me a dm and we can get to know each other and work out the details. lets make this success story happen!", "", "bored and horny in my hotel room. would love to chat or play with either fellow tourists or locals. pm for kik", "never had a real man tell me what to do and make me act like a little slut. kik is same as user name, tell me what to do please.", "The It was mainly created because the other one sadly have any active mods Hope to see you", "https://spankbang.com/28hxx/video/jesiica+rabbit+cosplay", "hmm.  i just want to have some nsa fun.  it has been way too long and i am ready to please. dm me if yourw down.", "i'm going to edge you tonight, baby. and i'm going to love shushing your whimpers and running my hands through your hair as you get frustrated beyond belief.   message me for kik! :)", "18m looking for someone to sext with preferably female but will talk to guys to will send girl or my pics pm if interested", "all it has is fucking albums.", "looking for anything and want to actively trade picks of either dick or pussy while stroke , prefer if you were stroking too    pm me   kik tahoe143", "Hey About and really into gaming and as well as anything Love taking my pup for walks around also really into rock music and going to live Favorite bands are Car Seat and Manchester If you know check looking for someone who is a similar age and is petite or Can be a or just see where it Message me on here or Kik username as if interested and want to exchange SFW or NSFW", "love being humiliated, degraded & given tasks.  hmu at somersetbitchboi", "i cant find her name or any other videos of her online. this video may have been from 'feetishgirls' but the site has since closed down.", "today is my cakeday, and my cakeday wish is to be drowned in pussy, smothered with ass and toys. i'm an easy man (obviously, because i'm a man) amd i love women of all kinds.  get dirty with me today!   18+", "this sub is closing in on 5,000 subs, might even get it before the new year, and i want to do something for the milestone. yet i can't really think of anything. i was thinking of just uploading a bunch of new pictures in a single post, but then i realized two problems:  1) that would become and incredibly difficult thing to search for in the future  2) i already make 4 posts a day, 40 in a day wouldn't be that special.  so what would you like to see? i'd like to hear any and all answers.", "i need just pm me your kik and ill reach cum any way and to Id also love if if you gave me a humiliating wallpaper for my", "hey from mn, up late at night and just wanna talk. literally about anything. open to something long term too. if you got something on your mind, and just wanna talk, i'm your guy. if it turns to something more, that would be awesome!  rldtown22", "hello. i am a man and i have a female friend who would like to masturbate while watching me have sex or give/receive oral with another woman. if you have a bit of an exhibitionist side and are interested let me know. i can share pics of myself and the woman.  thanks for reading and have a great day!", "hey 28 bi m 6' attractive and ddf looking to meet up can travel or host. hmu to know more", "professional, clean, caring and gentle but dominant when need to be. looking for a gurl for long term. message me if interested.", "Humiliate me in my sister panties and tell me what you would like me to do in I will go into my sisters room and take a pic of her panties and we will go from Pm me if interested", "Hey everyone late bored haha have some casual fun like I said anyone is welcome really but would love some fun with some futas or a total switch and I have my own sona but am willing to play any character like hmu with your Kik and", "i'm 23, she is 22. we have been married two years, but have been dating since early high school. joelle met nick at the school gym, right around the same time i began losing my ability to stay hard for very long at all. so we have agreed that she can turn to another man to satisfy her sexual needs. this way we can stay as a married couple.  nick is a well off young businessman. he has decided to see joelle exclusively, which i respect greatly. however, he is a bit protective and has requested that i no longer see her naked, in lingerie, or any revealing/provocative outfits. even though this new rule is grueling, i find that it somehow adds life to our relationship.  joelle has an incredible body. 5'10\", 36dd cup size, strong not skinny, strong legs and hips, and a brunette. she met nick shortly after getting into lifting and fitness about a year ago.  anyway nick's 33rd birthday is approaching in january, and he has tasked me with picking out her wardrobe.  id love to chat with some people who might be interested in mentoring me, and giving some advice on what style/fashions would look sexiest on her... we need an outfit for boating in the afternoon(we live in southern florida), and then something dressier for their night in town.", "sc: silvrslytherin", "heya, i enjoy lots of casual and fun stuff. both lewd or otherwise  make a kitty friend or pass some time! @izzyreikon  we can discuss interests and the like as we go.  ciao", "I want to caption pictures of women who are serious about When they suck a not playing That dick is going to be no If getting gonna work that dick with whichever hole it Kinks I want to play with cock forbidden cheating or cumplay cumswapping and cum and promiscuity fight slut shaming by celebrating the girls who are happy to keep adding notches to their The biggest tonight is definitely Not welcome are bathroom and pictures of people under 18 do we have to specify that last send me a message with some of your a and get off to some stuff that would be a for lesser Please start a reddit chat with and send more than a couple images in your first Too many images just gets", "just looking for some fun before the weather gets bad. i'm on the chubby side but down to see how this goes.", "i was recently talking to a woman from this subreddit for a while and after we had done some rp and traded a few pics i asked her to pick out some new lingerie for my wife.   it was really hot, her wearing it while i was thinking of someone else and now i want to do it again!   hit me up with a message, preferably including a picture of something you'd like her to wear and let's chat!", "hey there!!!  i am a 23 year old guy in a relationship with a very conservative girl. in our 2 year old relationship my girl hasn't even let me kiss her once let alone get physically intimate with her.  we haven't had any phyiscal relationship whatsoever.  i love her but am literally starved of any sexual intimacy as she considers anything before marriage a taboo.  i am like any other guy with sexual tension building up and hence looking for a female companion over here to chat to, to share my story and to explore the sexual part of my personality.  any female interested kindly hit me up.  my kik id is kevinbobo1907    my snap is kevinbobo1907", "31 blk m looking for a jobud for a long edge session. im into just about everything, so no limits.", "", "*i am an adult seeking an adult fantasy partner. this entire post is fantasy.*  i don't like to play word games or subtle hints when i'm conversing with my partners and interested parties.  what i like would scare most people away, and even knowing that is a turn on for me.  knowing i can't get turned on or even wet unless it's the most sinful and morally wrong acts ever.  i'd love to talk to you if you are in a similar position, where vanilla and even the more \"hardcore\" kinks just don't do it anymore.  perhaps we can encourage each other to be even more perverted?  to leave no stone unturned in our persuit for the ultimate perverted high.  come at me with your best and most immoral, let me feed off your perverse energy and spit it right back at you.", "i will train you into my perfect little slut. i will punish you when i need to, but i will also take great care of you and i'll reward you when you're a good obedient girl.  training may include hypnosis, mind control, rapeplay, primal, light bdsm, spanking, collar/leash, ownership, light choking/hair-pulling/slaps, orgasm control, and more.  it can be entirely online, or start online and then move on to meeting irl if you're from western europe. pm me with your age, sex, location.", "looking to lend a helping hand to those of you with low self esteem. don't feel pretty? want an opinion? some sexy advice. want to show off? be the center of attention? leave a message with age and kik.", "hmu to chat about it. into femdom, cuckolding, interracial, bunch more", "already tried e621, but cant find it there. its a comic with a police anthro dog that saves her human partner, and while they wait for help, she tells him what she loves about him.  think the comic was called good girl, but im not sure", "So the chill that I had intended got incredibly sidetracked with some going to be a pretty slow and boring time for me in between the holidays so looking to have some Ideally looking for a FWB definitely or something Ideally a situation that definitely involves binge watching tv and ordering a wild amount of former college athlete very muscular good and Happy to share do some chatting and take if from", "rtex88", "[i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+]  hey i would love to do an rp where you would be playing as jessica nigri. and my character would depend on the plot. i have a lot and i mean alot of ideas involving her.  i am very kinky with very few limits. my only noteable limits is sounding, vomit, gore, vore, shit, strangling. that's it. my absolute favourite kinks on the other hand are big tits, hairy pussys, incest, milfs, lactation, squirting, piss, spanking, groping, kissing, tit play, toys, public and loads more.  my main idea would be that i am a fan of yours who wins a contest that you held on patreon. it was to spend a week with you at either your house or a convention so a hotel. on the first night you make me share a bed with you, things get heated and we begin a very romantic or pure sex relationship, maybe a mix of both.  we could do any form or rp, incest, milf next door, absolutely anything your choice   i do have tons more ideas, if that one didn't do it for you then either say your own or ask me for more.  my kik is deepvoidrps, i hope to see you all there", "Hi Back with a few more to pass on to good WeVibe Sync Used 1x and decided it for or best the Amazon GT GVibe2 Again received to test and but I a fan so my loss is your or best info from the Shipping is All the toys come fully with their chargers and whatever silky bags or other products came with PM me with", "i'd love to have a sexy distraction while working. my goal is to get so turned on i have to retreat to the bathroom for a few quick strokes. up for it? send me a pm with your kik and let's have a good time.  about me: 6'3\", brown hair, brown eyes, average build. i've got very long legs, and i've been told i have a nice ass.  kinks: bad girls (the raunchier, the better), partying/drinking/smoking (especially smoking; if you smoke, message me!), interracial (i'm white), big breasts/titfucking, oral sex, group sex, exhibitionism, tributes, bimbos/bimbofication.  hope to hear from you!", "at first i thought i just had a kink for women in lingerie but after spending a while chatting i've realized it's not just for lingerie but what the women are wearing on top. i love seeing women in dresses and jeans and workout clothes..... if you want a chat partner that is constantly curious about what you are wearing, i'm your guy.   pic as promised: http://imgur.com/ixn54zj", "i read it a long time ago. its vampire ish? involves the top gutting his bottom while he's penetrating him and then reaching in and jerked himself off inside the bottom. does that make sense? the bottom had his guts open, but he's a vampire, so he doesn't die, and thru the wound you can see the top penetrating him. it was pretty hot", "My girlfriend and I want to find a third to try new things in the bedroom", "let me know, who is your pornstar crush?  do you have a specific star that you turn to when you really need to have an amazing orgasm? does she have any particularly good gifs or pics? what about her makes you want to be with her and only her? for reference my big crush is peta jensen but sophie dee, ava addams and jesse jane/riley steele have all been my go to stars in times of need.  let me know yours!", "i'll send you pictures of my 32 yo wife you via dropbox link (mostly nudes), and you cock/cum tribute her, video clips are a plus. all cocks welcome.   you can message me anytime, i'm always up for a good tribute.   sorry no face pics, please don't ask.  kik is goleft85", "please be my age or 18+   sc is same as reddit user name", "me: 30, white, 5'9, 170 (bit of a belly from working desk job), 7\" cut, good looking/aesthetically pleasing cock, completely shaved cock, beard, dd free (except 420), generous   just looking to get some pent up frustration out without going through all the work, consider this a purely professional meeting.   i can come to you. open to making this a regular thing.   huge plus if you can deepthroat, and swallow or would take a facial.", "", "first off my wife and i have both had numerous partners. we're both 40. you know, there are little things that sort of get my mind wondering when i'm making love to my wife or orally pleasing her. when we started dating, i went down on her and checked out her lady parts. being a male, and a visual creature, this is a huge turn on, pleasing a woman and looking at her at the same time. as i checked her out down there, i could see that at the bottom of her privates - what's called the fourchette - i could see that the skin was very slightly looser and/or stretched and a tiny bit darker. i have seen many different partners downstairs and no one i can remember ever had this going on, but this got me to thinking and reading reddit and realizing that this often happens when a very girthy partner (and i'm above average, and i know i couldn't have done this) is accommodated. the woman has to accommodate the girth of a large man somewhere, and this is where it happens. it can oftentimes stretch and even tear the fourchette. i don't know. it's kind of a turn on to imagine for me - thinking of some other guy as big as my wrist pounding down there on her. i'm hesitant to bring it up to her but would would love to at the same time - i want her to know i'm not body shaming her, but i'm just curious. she's kind of hinted and has insecurities about not being tight occasionally (saying that men will leave their wives if their not tight enough, and that certain ethnicities of women are tighter than others, and while i know this is bogus she is in fact very snug down there. but this tightness convo is pretty rare). any other guys out there experienced the same thing?", "The It was mainly created because the other one sadly have any active mods Hope to see you", "basically its this girl with brown hair, blue/teal shirt, black skirt, and black boots. she walks into a haunted bathroom and everything messes with her until a monster in one of the stalls grabs her. she holds on for a moment before being devoured in about 3 to 5 seconds. i dont know where i saw it, but i'm hoping someone knows what i'm talking about.", "hi guys, what accent  will hold you back when you try to approach and seduce ladies on the streets. please share your thoughts and opinions in here. in my channels i am trying to help anyone who has a strong accent to get ladies!", "hope you're having an awesome day. for one reason or another, most of my friends have disappeared, or are not as available to hang out. so i'm looking to make new friends to hang out, play video games, watch movies, go to a bar and drink etc. with the caveat of also having a sexual relationship. sex doesn't have to happen every time we hang out either.  i should also mention that i have an open relationship with my live in girlfriend. if you're not cool with that, no worries. we do have rules though, which can be discussed. you will also need to have a recent std check. we are very responsible about that.  pm me and we can talk if you are interested. have an awesome weekend!", "i'll send you pictures of my 32 yo wife you via dropbox link (mostly nudes), and you cock/cum tribute her, video clips are a plus. all cocks welcome.   you can message me anytime, i'm always up for a good tribute.   sorry no face pics, please don't ask.  kik is goleft85", "you guys made my tuesday very pleasant and fun, do you want to do it again?   (of course you do)  i'm working and i want you reward me for being such a dutiful employee. i want to see your pretties, your sfw obsessions, or the celebs you like to celebrate.  i tend toward: hayley atwell, kristen bell, krysten ritter, the riverdale girls, lana del rey, bryce dallas howard, plenty, plenty others. i like ... legs, heels, cute hair, glam. i like surprises too!  in exchange, i will offer you: reactions, commentary, caption-like responses. sometimes funny, sometimes smutty, sometimes teasing, sometimes endearing.  for the record or for the curious, i have black hair, green eyes, a small chest, and big thighs. i am bossy & bratty & classy & trashy.", "Ad boade1", "rating boobs. pm me if you are interested", "kik ethansthemanprice no nudes necessary and i keep everything private", "i've always had this nagging feeling. the feeling like something was wrong. i've come to realize it's that i dont deserve my wife. i think she deserves you instead. in fact i know she deserves you instead and vice versa. i mean how could you not you're everything im not. so please enjoy my wife.  hello, as you can see i have a cuck fetish and would love to explore that with you. my personal fetishes include, cuckolding, sph, domination, and humiliation. if this interests you i would love to see a message from you  men and women are ofcourse more than welcome to reply to this", "You know when you make or have a your supposed to report your annual income of that year to the IRS so they can take about away as these and snapchat they dont have an employer so its their responsibilty to report their taxes to the IRS and now that people have started to report them for not paying their taxes like everyone theyve started to get pissed off and lash Just makes me wonder if Eden Levine has filed her", "so like the title says i'm looking for women who dont mind asking and answering questions about our kinks and experiences. we could start off mild and go into more dirty, kinker questions as we go on. must be able to respect each other and we can both refuse to answer a question. if you are able to give hold a conversation and also ask questions as well. send a pm with your username and a few sentences and i will get back to you. any age and race is free to reply. all i ask is that your open to asking and answering questions", "https://www.rabb.it/dongerboy369 get in here and enjoy some interracial!", "hairy masculine looking for same 18+. trade and chat.", "i am 18+ and all characters and participants must be 18+  dad daughter/mom son, either option the parents are divorced and each year they get to take there child away on a vacation, being the only time they get to see each other they make the most of it and always go somewhere extravagant, a mix up in the hotel means that the room isn't the one requested and we have to share a bed, but oh dear one or both of us are nude sleepers  grandpa granddaughter, grandpa receives some bad news, sharing it with his granddaughter she wants to do everything she can to make him feel comfortable and maybe even fulfil some long lasting dreams he's had  girlfriend's sister or best friend, she should be better than his girlfriend in every way both body and sexual prowess, she over hears him and his girlfriend arguing over sexual ideas she isn't willing to do, being the little slut she is one day alone in the house she corners him and starts working on that's ideas her sister is not willing  also looking into a niece uncle kinda thing, fairly new needs work  these are just a few basic ideas, if you have a taboo style role you wish to bring to the table then by all means i'm all ears, if you have a reference pic or want to play as yourself that is fine  if interested please kik sack\\ head asap :)", "no chub send asl and pic for reply  dhunterm23", "i'll send you pictures of my 32 yo wife you via dropbox link (mostly nudes), and you cock/cum tribute her, video clips are a plus. all cocks welcome.   you can message me anytime, i'm always up for a good tribute.   sorry no face pics, please don't ask.  kik is goleft85", "me up if", "hey, miami university student looking to service an older woman in the miami area. i am 25, hispanic, drug and disease free (tested on 11/28/18 with proof), sane and respectful. i just have a thing for mature women. lets set something up.  &#x200b;  thank you", "the reason  for  this question  is because  i found this sub about 2 months ago  and i would love  to help contribute  to any of it to help this area grow. so to the porter's and content creators if you need an extra  hand id be glad to help even if it takes a while to learn certain  things.", "add if you hate asians lol", "back from work and reeaally want to get off to some formal looking sluts! https://imgur.com/a/ioppnd8 https://imgur.com/a/pihmqc0 https://imgur.com/a/u51a0fv https://imgur.com/a/husvzfp  let's trade and chat. here's my kink list: https://i.imgur.com/6gyqvpv.png", "any horny men want to talk real dirty or share cock pics with a big hairy man please message me on kik hornybear32", "Need a bull for a cum tribute tonight pm", "i'm looking for a consistent nsa fwb to build a sexual connection that will lead to mind-blowing sex. i really like watching girls cum, and want to cum all day long together. lets grab a drink or dinner to see if we have chemistry. i'm in san jose, but willing to drive to sf, and prefer you host. i'm also interested in bondage, light bdsm, tantric slow meditative sex. toned asian.", "be disease and drug free. just looking to service a discreet dude, no strings attached, no drama. (send me your kik username if you have one)", "looking for a no strings, discreet woman who wants to be pleased orally.   no need to reciprocate if you don't want to, i mostly want to hear you breathe heavily and moan my name. show me exactly how you like to be licked and touched.  if this sounds like something you want shoot me a message and let's make a date.", "Virgin chub bottom looking for big dicks to bbc is a plus chase9874", "there were so many good moments from celebrity big brother, bb20, and bbcan6 but my favorite moment was brett's speech when he started to get \"a hit\" and start twitching. moments like these is why i watch this show. lol.", "god i hate being alive. just the sensation. i miss driving out into the devils land and letting the devils mist creep into my spongy fungus skin. damn i hate being alive. nothing feels tight and snug like a womb and i just think i suck at being alive. ive been so fucked and useless i might not even do these little baby steps to improve my fat ugly unhealthy stupid self and kill myself. for now to the friers with me until something happens. i hope i fucking die. not pretty or useful enough to live, and you know it. i will keep these short and sweet and simple after the page break in tumblr next time. sorry boo", "about the only thing I know about is that I found them on Google hopefully one of can recognize", "Looking to show off my ass to nice cocks", "i'm a 23 year old college student with a nice body and a cock to go with it. i'd love to be used for entertainment, i place no limits on what you can do with me, or my cock, now it's yours to control, i enjoy edging, cbt, ruined orgasms, tease and denial, orgasm control and rope play. pm for kik or snapchat.", "looking for some more guys to keep my girl company. must be willing to video you fucking her.", "little back story, me and my brother are close. both in age and relationship wise. i'm 25, he's 23.  i'm gay, he's straight.  i'm stocky, he's slender.  we are sitting in the living room smoking some pot, when i decided to admit i was horny. literally ended the conversation right there. i don't know if i want anything to happen, but i am willing too. we share a room right now, and i jerk off so he can see me but he has never said anything.   so, advice? i thought maybe admitting it would make him ask something and then lead to something but it didn't and i didn't want to push anything to much to make him uncomfortable.", "We all have those friends that are cute but have one glaring Send me those friends to help me get PM for kik", "hey all. i just want to get a quick one in before i head out to work. come and join me! sn is thatguyon14", "Looking for someone to degrade my dont hold Body pics space4444", "i'm looking for someone to cumtribute me. would be super sweet of u. i'll reward u of course if u want.  cummer98", "hey guys looking to chat i have sex stories if you want to hear some snap me at jeffreyj22", "hey  26 year old curious uk lad looking too trade with 18-30s  uklad1919", "Reapingdeath90 msg or snap for a response I dont always readd byt u can msg me", "i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  hey rpk, looking for preferably a long term rp partner but happy with short term too. i've put a selection of rps i'm interested in below mostly rough/noncon scenes.  1. we are both staying in a hotel, you get in a lift with me just as the doors are closing and press a floor a couple above mine which i had already pressed, the doors close and i try keep my cool. the doors open on my floor but i don't get out, the doors close again... this will most likely be a noncon scene where you can be a celeb, or an ex or a friend i fell out with for friendzoning me years ago.  2. we see eachother everyday after work in the steam room in the gym. today i've had a stressful day at work and decide to let off some steam. this has the potential for alot of foreplay. and am pretty open to any roles you want to play.  3. we both go on holiday, separately, you're my ex, we end up in the same hotel just down the corridor from eachother. i decide i want revenge for you leaving me and becoming a lesbian which has led to all my friends taking the piss ever since we broke up. now someone must pay. this could be just you or if you want to play multiple characters it could be you and your gf. again this will be noncon with rough/abusive themes.  kinks: throatfuckking, bdsm, bondage, abuse (physical and verbal), slave/master, noncon, drugging, hair pulling and basically anything apart from me limits: incest, scat  if you have any alterations or other prompts you think i'll enjoy let me know otherwise send me a message on kik with the prompt you're interested in and your kinks/limits and if you want to impress a little intro to you or what you'd like.  kik: theboma", "my cock just cannot get enough of your attention, it makes me so excited hearing everything you dirty pervs want to do to me :p  these posts get a lot of attention so messaging me with more than \"hey\" is a big plus <<<333  pm me for my kik :**", "*i and all participants and characters are 18+*  i like detail, please be able to write at least four or five sentences per post. i'm mostly vanilla, but i can be talked into trying new things as long as they aren't ageplay, scat, filth related, hyper, or growth. i also don't like groups. i'm attracted to males, females, and cuntboys, but i'm willing to give anyone a chance.  my kik is baphometris  [reference](https://static1.e621.net/data/ae/86/ae86e652843d804d215504406c84e230.png)", "https://imgur.com/a/v8k2wgw  looking to fuck your holes then cum on your face and then use your hair to clean up the rest of the mess you made   i'm here to make you feel like the slut you truly are", "Add me mrsenior83", "hmu.   send nudes.  say hi.  sn:ddpdx1", "pm me for kik, extra points if you're already holding.", "french bi male with small dick and fat love RP as being humiliated or love being public group be extremly violent with Play on Hmu for my kik See you soon", "send asl to:trp61509", "hey guys,  &#x200b;  as the title states i'm looking for bratty jamie videos. especially  \"don't waste it\"  does someone have anything of hers?", "i think she was blonde (helpful i know), and i think winston burbank was one of the guys?", "38 straight white guy in nyc enjoys PM me to 18 and over", "o let's trade face pics and go from there :) :p str8/bi/curious dudes: use my wet mouth or tight ass... cute thin gayboy here love younger total top men.", "I mostly wanna talk about video and stuff like a big Maybe even some recommendations on cool shows and", "considering seeing  a fetish model, has anyone ever had experience with paying for a footjob or foot fetish session? (completely legal where i live)", "as title said let's go there share posts we like most and masturbate to them :)", "name of my next sludge metal ep. but also, for fuck's sake can someone that knows how to converse and operate outside of canned sexual responses hit me up? i dont need to connect with you, just put some thought behind your filth.  as per the title, come choke and spray your little guts all over daddy's cock and balls. try not to say no to anything (these are just words) and let that slimy pussy (or cock if need be) guide you to being a completely worthless fucked up gag doll for me.   thats it. i dont ask much. fuck.", "i am looking for abdl baby for this whole december..", "My ex was petite and an single now and ready for an emphatic welcome back to the world of big Any excuse to stay off the casino floor is good for especially a busty cutie who turns heads on the grab head back to my wear each other rinse and and you You should be similarly fun and need a porn just a nice girl who fucks like PM me your bra size and whether a local or tourist the same weekend frequentbaddecisions", "i just want to use you for the cumslut you are kik potterh07", "Maybe I could suck the pre cum of his cock before I let him fuck you check", "well hello subs, mid aged or younger muscular daddy, with a big fat dick, with hair and sweat, needs a cum gulping, slave slutty sub either a boy or girl for dirty roleplay with absolutely no limits. ( no scat or puke).  we can play behind your moms back or i can be your uncle who casually comes to meet you and do his dirty work with you, or a big strong brother who use baby sit you and uses your holes and teaches you stuff. i can be grandpa too.  here is what i like, large massive age gap, huge cum drops, gently caring you, big dick, sneaking stuff, midnight movies or stories. soft small petite body, massive bulges, sniffing, squeezing, playing with it. doing random stuff while you do homework or eat your food.  so of you are intrested then text me", "so i signed up for adultfriendfinder right? and one of the first profiles i see is my stepdad.  he's cheated on my mom before but i didn't know it went this far or that he was bi.  also calm down mom his dick isn't that big", "boyfriend problem solution Boyfriend Problem Solution And love affair is used for the purpose of solving problems of life like caste career problems and because the boyfriend is a powerful besides its power There is nothing in the world through it that we can completely subdue mind and we will have They can create our desires and You will see how your lover will be eager to get you back because you are completely empowered with the Vashikaran is pure mantra and this mantra is a gift given by it should be used for good It can be used to get back its ex using this Vashikaran mantra is very effective for getting boyfrend problem solution For your help contact for Boyfriend Problem Solutions specialist back Astro and specialist They will help you", "snapchat- niviixx", "looking to rate pics of looking to rate your Keep it Nudes are extra appreciated", "we are interested in a female for an fmf threesome.  him: 23, asian. 5'9, broad shoulders, well-dressed, mature, dominant.  her: 24, black. 5'6, skinny, very flexible, incredibly soft skin, submissive.  we're both intelligent, mature, and in good shape. we don't smoke, use drugs of any kind, and keep up to date with testing. we are on a strictly casual basis, with freedom to see other people, and so a threesome is something we are both interested in and have discussed at length (i.e. no drama to worry about). we tend to enjoy rough, dominating sex - and he enjoys performing oral sex actively and is frankly quite good at it. she is fully bisexual, and will be very much into engaging with you :)  he is currently studying law in nyc, but we would love to speak with you to find out if you're our type, and she may meet in person with you before \"the event\" happens. that would be after dec. 22, and probably either at your place if you can host, or at a hotel which we can arrange. of course, the ladies are welcome to meet prior to that if the chemistry is right!  photo verification is a must - your pic gets ours! please, sfw until things progress.  **goal:** we are interested in an incredible sexual experience for all of us that leaves everyone well-satisfied, but even if you decide you only want to see one of us, that's perfectly fine with both of us as we love sex and pleasure and everything associated with it!", "my fantasy involves you coming to my apartment in manhattan, dropping your coat to reveal nothing underneath, and immediately getting on your knees as you pull my big, beautiful cock out to voraciously devour it before we ever say a word to each other. where we go from there is up for discussion, but i'm open to all manner of kinks and perversions. just tell me how your fantasy of meeting up with a tall, attractive, dominant stranger goes and let's make this a reality.", "i've recently been into open relationships and hot wifing. it's a bit hard to find someone in person that is on board with it in person, so i thought i would play it out a bit here.  looking for a female around my age to chat with about this.   the scenario i'm interested in is pretending to be together as a couple and have you chat with other guys on here, as a way of hotwifing/sharing you. it can be a casual chat or a sexual one. we can find a guy together, someone that fits what were both looking for.  youd tell me all about it as if we were dating. not looking to be a cuck, but onboard with having a dominant guy for you. can take this further and have me find a girl to chat with as well down the line.  prefer long term if we click.", "blanking on the name or the the premise is that an escort has followed the guy to his hotel room from a with the dialogue I remember being have to tell me what you I know what you or something Its the man is sitting on a couch for the majority of the fairly certain I found it on SLR but have not been able to find Not sure if this should be in or but help would be", "hi! i really like showing off my body but i live on a busy street in a super busy area so running around outside naked (as hot as that sounds) isn't a great idea.   i haven't done a lot of exhbitionist dares in the past, so maybe start me off w something small :) (but still fun  &#x200b;  any creative ideas are welcome :) i will give updates after i complete the dares.   &#x200b;", "hey all,  i'm nearing the end of 10 weeks 1000 calorie deficit on osta 20mg. i was wondering how long i should wait before trying clen? i would want to do about 2 weeks of 20mcg (+20mcged until 80mcg) just to lose the remaining fat. i'm pretty low bf% right now (bia says 6% but i know those are inaccurate, i estimate i'm more around 8-9% in the torso) and i just want help losing the last kilo or two.  how long of a break should i take after osta before starting 2 weeks of clen?", "hey everyone.  i am a chilled out easy going fit guy with a thick cut cock looking for a hotwife in toronto", "i have a party room and like tolet people watch me fuck, get fucked, order you around and dance seductively. cum find me   igiveupfinito", "i'm not going to bore everyone with a lot of details in this post, so i'll get straight to the point. i love talking with people. lengthy conversations about whatever. no, really, anything. the weather, your dumbass coworkers, porn, sports, stories from your life. and of course dirty stuff too. but it's important that you enjoy using words to form coherent sentences!  so that's that, bla bla, here's a picture of me if you're curious http://imgur.com/a/smhijan  there are more in my post history if you're curiouser, and an unlimited amount when we get to talking on kik if you're curiousest.  send me a pm with a little bit about yourself, and preferably your kik as well.", "Hey there So I broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years a month ago and deleted her on I woke up to a post on my Facebook wall that she tagged me in saying that her and I were in a relationship She never messaged me or tried talking to me so I just ignored She ended up deleting the post this morning and changing her status to clueless what to think and know what Is she just testing to see if I will take her Ex is saying that were in a relationship again but not", "modern society claims to be feminist, pro-woman, and empowering, yet if a woman chooses to be more passive and submissive in her relationships with men, she is either seen as a slut, oppressed, or unenlightened, even when she is the one making the consensual choice to live in that state.    ironically, the women making these choices are either more conservative, or are hearkening to the values of a previous by-gone generation.  it is simply how i was raised. at heart i enjoy caring for and pleasing others, sometimes that means doing something extra for someone, cooking a meal, going out of my way to be the devoted servant, whether in day to day life or sexually.    i once heard a joke that to make a man happy, all a woman has to do is know how to cook, sew, and suck. once you get past the stereotypical sexism of that statement, you uncover a little nugget of truth. what man doesn't appreciate the effort a woman goes into procuring a delicious home cooked meal from him.  the difference between dining at home and at a restaurant is quite honestly the love put into the meal. and while sewing is a handy talent, it's more symoblic of the home-making nature of the classic woman. someone who can can help with the things around the home while the man works and strives to provide for his family.  it is not a matter of dumping responsibilities on the woman while the man sits by idly doing nothing; it's about an allocation of responsibility. the woman cooks and sews so the man doesn't have to; and the man works a long work week so the woman doesn't have to. it's a perfect harmonic balance.    and i honestly believe the quip about sucking. any man can bend his wife over the kitchen table and fuck her. the only requirements there are that she is willing and has a vagina. other than that, she can just take it and doesn't need to put as much effort into it. whereas sucking is a profound display of a woman's talent, devotion, and affection for her partner. any woman can take a man into her mouth, but only a truly devoted girl can give great pleasure with it.    there is nothing quite like sinking to my knees in front of a guy who has his cock out and the expression on his face as he realizes i am about to suck him. how he reacts to every kiss and lick as i begin to tease him softly, how he gasps as i part my lips and slide him into my mouth, letting his cockhead trail over the moist caress of my tongue and rub against the coarse roof of my mouth. i begin to bob and his breathing synchronizes with my motions; and when i glance up shyly to check on him, the eye contact between us in that moment is unparalleled. even eye contact during sex doesn't come anywhere as close and intimate as eye contact during a blowjob.  this eye contact speaks unfathomably of her love and devotion. it shows her willingness to pleasure her partner at the expense of her own pleasure; choosing to use her mouth and lips to give pleasure rather than asking to have intercourse. it might seem petty, but choosing to suck rather than fuck signifies a beautiful submission on a woman's part: to give pleasure rather than receive.  i love the idea of being a benevolent sex slave to a man; and it becomes a blowjob-only-relationship where he gets to use my mouth and throat and i do not receive any pleasure except for masturbating.  it would be the ultimate marriage: so long as he loved me, i would surrender myself and offer my mouth as a vessel for his pleasure.  private message me if you would like to chat and roleplay this type of submission housewife scenario. we could do a scene set in a 1950's suburban setting, perhaps a modern era, or even a futuristic sci-fi scenario where you rescue me from slavery and i pledge my life to you as a wife and sexual-servant.", "not going to mince words this not going to talk about what I look or how alluring my voice You can look in my history for a pretty I need to be mind already soaked from thinking about so it be too After all a wet pussy makes the mind quite soft and Becoming your finger fucking slave until I cum over and over is exactly the remedy I I have toys including nipple clamps awaiting your I can provide voice verification especially if an amazing mind fuck me and make me The best way to start is look a little through my history and find a way into my", "it turns me on to make you hard, and turns me on even more to think of you cumming because of me. let me know how i can make that happen, if i'm into it, i'm all yours.  https://i.imgur.com/6peguil.jpg", "i know it's taboo and i'm a little hesitant to post this at all, but you can't help what kinks you have.  &#x200b;  i'm looking for lewd games that feature bestiality, specifically canine and/or equine.  any recommendations?", "trying to blow off some steam after work, and would love to show off for someone. bonus points if we can hold a good conversation. i'm 6'6\" 170lbs and a thick 8 inch cock. i'm also bi if that floats your boat. pm me your kik and we'll chat!", "do you get off knowing that someone is watching, enjoying the sight of you while he strokes his thick, hard cock (https://i.imgur.com/p9rfian.gif?2)? do you like to watch, see the evidence of his arousal at the sight of your body, enjoying the sight of his dick, slick with pre-cum, as he slowly strokes it for you? tell me what turns you on.", "face ass up for anon Also have glory Will service straight or any Usually post in Kansas City doublelist when really", "hello raomd,   looking for an open,  adventurous ,  fun loving woman that's interested in having a little fun!  i'm a professional man in town for work, staying downtown who genuinely loves taking my time to explore a woman's body.   physical i'm 5'10\", good shape, dark features and currently sporting a trimmed beard. i have big dark eyes, full lips and a dexterous tongue!   open to one time thing or ongoing (when i'm in town) if we get along well!  picture upon request!", "really into cuckolding, sph, femdom etc. super open to other fetishes too, hmu if you wanna chat", "I have to leave the house in 45 One way or another going to get off between now and but love some help with from anyone who wants to offer love to chat with and Whether you want to help get off by sending me sending or talking dirty to willing to send pics of myself in a switch and feeling so down for using you or being Message me and get started I might want a quickie some other time so keep that in mind if we hit it off or if you answer too late", "into lots of nasty stuff, humiliation degrading. love when guys show me screenshots of them sharing my wife and making nasty comments.been trying to make a kik group for a few guys. up for ideas", "check out my posts and if you like what you see feel free to add me on snapchat: lurppis20 ;)", "looking for prettiest or sexiest pussy on reddit. kik it to me at spiritmoon45", "an outwardly normal guy with a very vanilla sexual I have been exploring my submissive side for quite some So far this exploration has been exclusively but I am interested in taking it to real time and in One of my biggest fantasies is pegging and I plan on actively trying to meet the right person to try it but in the I want to take steps to prepare myself for And now we get to the reason posting looking for whatever you think might help someone just starting to try As of right I have water based but no tried fingering a little in the shower and really also never given as none of my previous partners were into neither was I guess a good place to start would be any ideas for household items that are safe to try it please be shy to message with any help you have to I wish I have to add this I am not interested in your I am specifically looking for help from a simply more comfortable that", "31 blk m looking for a jobud for a long edge session. i'm into just about everything, so no limits. just looking to be pushed to my very limits.", "pm or kik brenan1111", "", "your body is screaming for it! it wants to be flooded with cum. you can't stop thinking about it. you have baby fever. it might be the worst idea ever. maybe you're young, single and barely know me. maybe you're married, horny, and need to have (another) baby but hubbs isn't into it. it doesn't really matter, does it?  you need the baby batter, and i've got it. let's go!", "i've only watched the newest usa season and damn.    i love this show for obvious reasons.  what are the best seasons with the hottest housemates that put on a smoke show for us?", "enjoying my night and thought i might jump on kik for a bit to make it even better! looking to dirty chat, trade pics, and rp. hmu for my kik or send yours! chat soon", "copying & pasting from my original post [https://www.reddit.com/r/sfr4r/comments/a1coc1/29\\ m4f\\ cheating\\ husband\\ visiting\\ sfo\\ for\\ work\\ in/](https://www.reddit.com/r/sfr4r/comments/a1coc1/29 m4f cheating husband visiting sfo for work in/)", "Hey guys I am sharing sex stories if you want to hear some snap me at jeffreyj22", "kik: nolla123456", "<minimal plot nsfw>  i've been teasing you all night in the club, grinding rubbing and basically throwing myself at you. however without saying a word i suddenly left and once you followed me into an alley you overpowere me, too horny to hold back anymore. after you've removed my skirt, which i basically was asking for it as it was way too short anyway, you realize i have a little bulge in my panties. will you fuck me anyway at this point?   hey, looking to do some non-con/rape rp basically looking for someone rough and demanding~ message me for my kik and try to be unique. mainly some strong, dominant guys would be someone i'd grind up against, however i'd also be more than happy to do the same for a well-endowed futa or basically anyone who i'll think knows how to have a great time with a slut~.  limits would be scat/gore/vore  kinks would be probably a list a little too long for here, however i can assure you that a rough treatment and a degrading attitude definitely catch my attention. any sort of restraint is also quite fun.   this could turn into a long-term rp, however it'd be mostly lewd focused still, although hecc, even some romance could be nice with some healthy stockholm syndrome~.", "any guides out there for length only, preferably no jelqs ?   and if there are any videos or pictures to provide examples that would be great too. thanks", "hmu", "Not much more to say simply looking to solicit a sexy PM me for my kik Please do not use reddit", "Let me tell you how good you look to Where want to kiss the parts of you want to touch the Let me tell you how excited you make me show you if you want to see only if you want to I want to know about your personality but that I want to admire you and appreciate how much I want Message and not particular about age or as long as", "join me guys ??", "saw on pornhub, forgot the name.", "dom top in memphis tn looking for a cute sissy to play with. need someone to gag on my dick, eat my ass and bend that ass over. hmu on kik at matterborn", "hey, deleted previous post and reposted.  i wanted more info in the title to be helpful.  i have this vid but the quality is going.  looking for it again online.  i'd date it from late 90s to early- mid 2000s.  video was just one scene, but may have been part of a compilation of scenes.  i'm only interested in this particular clip, but it would be nice to see the whole thing.  english is spoken in the video, i believe american but could be wrong.   https://imgur.com/xjr2haa  thanks!", "Message age N199293 Chub", "im trying to get off to nudes of your girls. so send them to my snap owenapple69", "tell me about yourself. maybe you fucked your boss, or one of your coworkers ? do you give head underneath the desk? did you fuck your way to a promotion or bonus? maybe you get bent over that desk? do you you just have a similar fantasy or experience? let's talk about it.", "23 M fit Into Message me your", "alright, just to be crystal clear on this, a phat ass for the purposes of this subreddit is **any ass that is bigger than what you'd expect to see on an asian chick**. that's it. we're not busting out any measuring tapes or protractors here. the girl in question *doesn't* have to have a bubble but that sticks out 4\" from her back and is a perfect half-circle to qualify.  this is not up for discussion or debate so i'm going to lock this thread before commenters start claiming that their definition of paag is the only true definition. don't like it? then please do us all a favor and pack up your pedantry and unsubscribe.", "unable to sleep due to this horniness, porn doesn't does much for me. make me cum because i want to be satisfied before going to bed.", "anyone want something or someone rated? send it my way! you send the pictures, i send the rates :)  i'll answer any question you want for every rate over 9.0 and i'm open to dares for 9.5+ (some limits apply).  prefer ranking games like fmk? love that too!  sound fun? message me!  if you have a different idea or suggestion, let me know! i'm open ;p", "sometimes i think up some crazy but actionable scene where an extra set of hands would be handy.  i don't even mean for being \\*in\\* the scene.  for example, i have a scene outlined where i use some private land i have access too, but the admittedly suspicious behavior of headlights in the \"holler\" at night might cause helpful neighbors to call the sheriff out to see what's going on.  just having someone park on the road in to text me as well as let the police know what they're going to find further down the trail would be a safety god send.^(1)  that's an extreme example, but i've outlined scenes with problems as simple as \"how do i get that extra vehicle back\" or \"how am i going to know if anyone can hear us outside\".  yes, i like elaborate scenes, but fuck it.  go big or go home.  anyway.. i wouldn't have a problem watching a dirt road for a couple hours knowing i was helping out, and someone would help me out later.  as impractical as the idea is; i wish there was a magical bdsm gopher co-op.    oh well, wish in one hand amirite?  ^(1)  ^(i don't want to imagine what would happen to me if a sheriff's deputy rolled up on me railing my wife, bound and tied over a) *^(literal)* ^(barrel by the the light of my truck's high-beams.)  &#x200b;  anyone else ever run into these kinds of \"if i just had someone to ...\" problems, or am i just a crazy person?  if so, what are they?  maybe someone has over come a similar problem.", "i want to choose the porn vids u jerk off to and watch u jerk off with them, nothing extreme, mostly petite girls fucking big cocks, add hertsgirls on kik", "uk lads or groups hit me up - duncanwentworth", "Pleasing a man has become my biggest not into ass but I really like the idea of making a man If like to try and convince me that I love cock more than I love my I can exchange pics or talk clean or Kik below or pm me here Subpants", "[https://i.imgur.com/7zidksg.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/7zidksg.jpg)", "&#x200b;  https://i.redd.it/45gdcfkvc6121.png", "married man in america. looking to satiate my primal urges. we can message on reddit (not chat) or on kik. i can provide more details in private.", "verbal+++ will show face", "send age first  snap is gr8sooner", "taking on a new slave with a lot of Here is a list of her hard Hard Blood play Needle play Water sports Scat Ass is off limits at all times Hard impact Hard tit torture Belts Anything wooden Urinary tract sounding Nude pics Swallow or spit cum Also clothespins or Orgasm control has proven effective thus far but looking for additional Anyone have any", "i want to worship girls' feet and have it lead to rough sex. just know that it's a bit of a forced rp.  my kinks: ageplay, incest, inflation, non-con/rape, feet, and stomach bulge my limits: gore, vore, toilet play, vomit, snuff", "hi there! i'm looking for something fun tonight. i'd love to talk to a nice girl, get to know her, and maybe play some as well! a little about me; i'm a full time student and i work part time on the weekends. in my free time i love learning new things, trying new foods, playing video games, and watching netflix. you should message me if; you're kinky, like trying new things, and are interested in something new. i look forward to hearing from you soon! please, no guys and no couple's.", "kik-  kalelkid2 please no reddit message only kik", "https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/422169986249785346/516603332047929344/fb img 1543237105555.jpg", "well, just getting into latex, looking for a dress/other garnments, and  currently divided between chlorinated and unchlorinated latex. however was unable to find opinions straight from wearers.  &#x200b;  for a beginner, what would be the best choice?  any critical downsides of chlorination?     tks", "my wife wants to liven things up in the we are willing to start with facetimes with someone or just hooking up with a third MESSAGE ME", "kik or sc sc pref straight", "my previous partner has gone mia a couple weeks ago and i figure i should probably start looking for a woman to take her place.  i'm also very interested in if there are any couples or groups of women that would be into having a voyuer in their chat. i would just be a silent observer unless directly asked otherwise.  i am married, 29 years old, 6'2\" tall, caucasian, with a muscular build. i enjoy lifting weights, playing video games, watching tv shows, gardening, and daydreaming about getting cats someday.", "https://youtu.be/67re6jdvuv0", "27 m, never had piv sex. have been retaining for over 5 months now. get 1-2 wd every month. energy is low for half day then its fine.  yesterday night i was having a dream where i was riding the bus. my hand touches another lady's hand, she smiles and at that moment i spilled my seed. i am a bit worried about it. here are my questions:  1. do i have premature ejaculation? 2. i woke up right at that moment. so does it mean i was partially awake? can anything done to stop that from happening?  &#x200b;  &#x200b;", "service needed: kik session  budget: $100 max.  specifics: general sexy chat, lots of bra size talk  type of seller i'm looking for: someone with large natural breasts  preferred payment method: google pay, open to others", "Adult male looking for adult female looking for someone to be friendly with and as well as be dirty with when the times arise I have a thing for older a necessity so it would be amazing to chat and have fun with I like the thought of enjoying each company and satisfying each others needs whether it be by trading dirty or I really like the friends aspect of this as well I feel like a strictly benefits situation would get stale pretty Having normal chat sprinkled in will make for a more enjoyable time I think I like to RP as so if you also like it happy to discuss potential I happen to have some of my own already and some of my kinks and limits shower against the wall older receiving oral and some I have another post strictly about rp with my ideas if like to check it Please send me a pm and love to discuss further if you want to know more about me also love to know a bit about you to start as Enjoy your and take care and be safe if not on eastern standard", "i'm kinda my own boss at work so i can do whatever i want really. got plenty of free time and only my phone for entertainment so let's have some fun. rp/sext/pics and vids whatever you like. turn me on enough i may even let you watch me in the bathroom", "i am looking to have a good time with someone that is as horny as me and doesn't care that i am married or maybe even likes that i am. so if you are over 18 and looking for some fun then feel free to add me.  colin uk", "the idea of pegging has being going...in and out...of my head. would like to try it out because this curiosity is killer!!!", "i have a subscription that's about to expire in twenty days and i want to put it to good use. don't mind watching kinky stuff too. if you have a mic then we're good to go!", "You Pm for", "i'm in the mood to make some captions tonight! let me know what some of your favorite kinks are and send me some pictures to use, then we can see what kind of fun things i can create for you.", "ive been getting a lot of pm's about posts not showing up on the sub.  to answer some questions i am repeatedly getting:  * the posts are being removed by the automod. i have adjusted the autmod so we should see less of this happening.  if the mods remove a post we post a comment telling you why it was removed.  * any posts that break the rules are removed.   * posts only asking for kik names, rabb.it joins, or other things considered personals are usually removed by the auto mod.   * if your account is less than 9 hours old your post will be removed. this is to prevent spam.   * if your post has been removed and it doesn't break an rules or you think it was removed by mistake please pm the mods (by sending a pm to r/jobuds, not individually pming us) and we will take a look as soon as we have time.   **last note the sub has 2 mods and we are not around 24/7, we have jobs, families, and lives outside of the sub. you may not get a response immediately when you pm us but we will take a look once we have a chance. **  also a note about content now that i have your attention, some users have complained about the content on the sub. we let the content of these be dictated by the users, this means if you guys upvote stuff it stays, if you downvote it , it's removed.    please flair your posts, and if you see something that breaks the rules report it.   thanks and happy jerking!   -r/jobuds", "i'm looking for a consistent nsa fwb to build a sexual connection that will lead to mind-blowing sex. i really like watching girls cum, and want to cum all day long together. lets grab a drink or dinner to see if we have chemistry. i'm in san jose, but willing to drive to sf, and prefer you host. i'm also interested in bondage, light bdsm, tantric slow meditative sex. toned asian.", "looking for a submissive toy for online (snapchat) use. you need to be over 25 and fit. bonus points if you are a married slut. send me a pm and tell me about yourself first.", "I am 145 fit and with brown Happy to kik pics in exchange for dick Looking for someone I can meet in real Talking is fun free to message me from and so is fucking but I want to be If it goes I could be your new booty call PM me to chat or kik me", "I want to be start estrogen yet because I dont think I would be able to hide the changes and am not able to come out but I developed much facial or body hair yet so I was wonder if 200 mg 1mg fin would be enough to be possibly mildly feminizing or prevent further Reading on spiro it seems like it might not be Anyone stay on just spiro for a year or Did it help or nah", "i love to show my body naked, i'm addicted to it, and to do what i'm told to. i love sexting. please, hmu to know more about me and my addiction. if you are a m, rp as a f and don't tell me, please.", "i'm a tall, slim and well hung guy in search of a fun gal with huge boobs who wants to chat, sext and otherwise mess around. if that appeals to you feel free to message me any time.", "pop up with some fun questions or dares and we can have some fun   kparks489", "Hey My GF and I have been exploring the world of I have watched her hook up with countless men and She loves dirty so I write her some personal were she hooks with her strangers We are both 20 and in the same I currently have a little bit of writers Would anyone be interested in helping me cook up some hot I could show you photos of her and maybe that will help with some She loves it when men tell her all the stuff do to", "https://imgur.com/l1tz4sq.jpg   pm me your asl! i'm a switch so i'm friendly to most kinks. i like some very filthy things so don't be shy!        ps for the dudes! -  as indicated by the \"[m4f]\" tag in my post, i am a male looking for a female. not sure why i get a message from a dozen different dudes every time i post, hence me needing to clarify.", "rway1111  ladies only please.", "i came across this model/actress long time ago. she is asian (chinese/japanese not sure) and she often goes to ceremonies or shows wearing nothing but a couple of boards or sign-boards to cover her private parts. i don't have a pic of her. tried searching a lot, but couldn't find anything.", "Just got in from a fun night going to edge to some kink lil Want to see what you Trade and into many kinks and Pm kik and kink", "is there a way to create an audio playlist from sites like soundgasm.net or another site that does this?", "", "i'm 35, in shape (golf/hockey/snow sports), with a big dick (pics in post history); and i'm totally into younger girls (18+ only) but age isn't much of an issue. i want to tell you the dirty things i'd do to you...pm me your snap!", "i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  i'm a dom. i like giving spankings, name calling, dressing up the girl, tying up a girl, body writing, hypnosis, and playing a daddy role. my limits are gore, bathroom stuff, and group stuff. we can discuss more on kik.  i'd like to have a decent response back and forth, i'd prefer to know when you can be more active for scenes where there can be a lot of back and forth. scenes where it can get heated ;p.  i would like someone who takes interest in detail. you should like fleshing out all the little things you're feeling and whats happening to you. the psychology of it, i love all that type stuff.   it'd help if you were into a bit of pop culture, superheroes, anime, and video games.   i very much enjoy lewding charcters and doing very kinky stuff with these characters, so some of the rp's i have will be normal stuff like teacher/student and others can be sexy velma gets caught by one of the monsters.  kik is kowalskic", "face is a must bro", "Only responding on username is scanvaa and tell me what looking for in 1st message", "it seemed like a great idea for some easy money between college semesters. a local summer camp back home needed college aged counselors, paying $500 for just a week of work. (which was practically a small fortune in college)  during the day, it was fun hanging out with the kids, motivating them to actually get on the zip line or jump off the high dive. ending the day with smores around a campfire never gets old. as the day came to an end and \"lights out!\" was called, the counselors would retreat to the communal lodge for an hour or so before heading to bed themselves.  we were told that we were supposed to be listening for any campers who might still be up, but we were more focused on each other. not that there was anything crazy going on, of course. just complaining to each other about course loads and talking about crazy college stories. there were 8 of us, 4 guys and 4 girls, for the sake of equality, they told us. as it is prone to happen, some counselors connected instantly and there was more than one night that we saw two counselors go back to the same room, only to come out the next morning. it was something that nobody really challenged or talked about, we figured it was just the way things worked. no harm, no foul right?  it was thursday night, with two more nights ahead of us. at this point, we we're all exhausted. the camp planners had made quite the demanding schedule of activities. there was no worry about campers being up, as they were even more tired. at around 11:30, four of the counselors had already headed to bed. that left me, sean, emma, and you. throughout the week sean and emma had obviously been hooking up. once again, no one really minded, as long as they kept it behind their closed doors.   sean finally said, \"well, i think it's about time i head to bed..\" as he stood up and started heading the hallway where our rooms were held, boys cabins on the left, girls on the right. emma instantly jumped up and said, \"yeah, uh, me too.\" as she quickly followed behind. i don't know why they felt like keeping it secretive just call it what it is, nobody cares. emma started towards the girls hallway before stopping and saying, \"oh sean i had a, uh, question for you...\" and made her way into his room. we locked eyes and simultaneously rolled them dramatically at the ridiculousness of it.   there were a few moments of silence as we watched the pine trees outside slowly sway in the summer night breeze. we had talked throughout the week, but had never really been alone. i finally broke the silence, \"so. . . have you had fun this week? everything you expected out of camp williewag?'                              thanks for reading my prompt! if you wanna discuss where we want to take this before really getting into the meat of it, that would be great. i look forward to your response!", "I identify as mostly straight but been with some trans girls and really enjoyed Been thinking about some fem cock love to meet up and suck each other fit not able to host but can be open to fem CDs as", "as stated, tall and slim top here, looking for a chat and a face before we move on to different pics ;) sc is leoduciel.", "cross dresser here. title says it all. message me ur kik and get ready to have some dirty kinky chats. bonus if u are into incest or have a small cock.", "heya, i am skylar, eighteen year old femboy snow leopard excited and willing to serve any doms who are interested.  im okay with both long and short term roleplays  i am completely limitless and open to all roles, kinks, and scenes  feel free to use me for your wildest desires  anyone looking to roleplay can message me, i will answer whenever available. make sure it's more than just a \"hi\" or other single word responses.  please send reference image, kinks, stats or any other details you would like to include.  kik: f3mb0y51u7  hope to see you all soon  must send reference image to receive response", "i'm 35, in shape (golf/hockey/snow sports), with a big dick (pics in post history); and i'm totally into younger girls (18+ only) but age isn't much of an issue. i want to tell you the dirty things i'd do to you...pm me your kik!", "Looking for handsome guys to dominate Up to the Sc winterskijump43", "hello there,  i love lingerie and talking about it with girls.  i'd love to hear from you about some of your best on your worst experiences with it.  time you found a super sexy item and got to wear it and had a very special night. times you've used it to turn a man into putty in your hands.  tell me about some of you favorite items. maybe about your go-to item or look?  also, maybe about times you had wardrobe malfunctions? times someone bought you some that made things very awkward? maybe you had a bf with just terrible taste in lingerie?  i want to hear all about it, the good to great and yes the bad as well.  hope to chat with a girl that likes talking about lingerie as much as i do.", "downsouth 777 add me", "my cock just cannot get enough of your attention, it makes me so excited hearing everything you dirty pervs want to do to me, the more verbal you are the better <3 tell me every filthy thing youre thinking about doing to me :p  these posts get a lot of attention so messaging me with more than \"hey\" is a big plus <<<333  my kik is shinterr <3  if this is up im still playing <3", "live are the key to my heart facefuck1234", "i am a 32 year old male master from scotland. i am currently seeking a female slave to control via snapchat. you will be expected to send live snaps. i prefer girls with petite bodies. my only real limits are permanent and blood. i would like a slave with few or no limits. any limits you have, i may push but will ultimately respect.  what am i looking for?  simply put, control. ideally i would have control over every aspect of your life. i realise this is a lot to ask, and complete control is not necessary. at the very minimum i must have control over;  * your clothing - what you wear at home, at work, in public * your masturbation  what i would like to have control over;  * body grooming - hair style, shaving of armpits, pussy, legs * makeup * bed time and when you wake * how you complete chores * how you act at home and in public * exercise  this is just a sample, but i think this gives an idea of what i'm looking for.  if you have any questions for me, or are interested in being my slave, snap me @ ggowm", "single mum looking for fun and some help , kick : megt1010", "Hoping for a FWB situation so I can have fun with someone weekly or multiple times a week I am very inexperienced and still a I host but mobile and into 18 27 18 45 DDF and tested Asians are a definite", "34, male, 160 lbs, no medications  a few hours ago during a bowel movement i was prompted to check the toilet paper after seeing a darkish streak on my stool (i couldn't tell what color the streak was as i didn't get a good look at the stool). most of the stool on the toilet paper was a normal dark brown color, but there were tiny sections of it that looked a bit darker. when i held the paper up to the light a lot of those areas looked dark brown, but there were still some small specks that looked black, although they were too small for me to really tell. i got a better look at some of the other stools in the bowel movement and they were all dark brown with no apparent black streaks.   if i didn't examine the paper closely i really wouldn't have thought anything of it, since at a glance it looked perfectly normal. am i being silly or should i get checked out?", "**the thing is** i admit i have an asian fetish. but even when i actively try to find non-asian partners i usually end up with asians finding me. i'd say there-quarters of my partners have been asian, if not more. so i'm not that white guy who is looking for \"my first asian experience\". what i want is much more specific.  **i want a korean female** who is under 33'ish, sane and real. there is something special about korean women, not just their looks, that i have come to crave in the past few years. it's an attitude, a \"bring it, i'm game\" vibe that is often behind closed doors and rarely public. there is a little bit of aggression combined with a sensitivity and fragility that is beyond sexy and fun. i love how raw korean women can be along with how open and exploring they allow themselves to be when trust is there.  **good thing i'm** the guy many korean women like to fool around with. you know, shaved blonde head, big blue-eyes, pale skin, hairy chest, high nose bridge, a stocky athletic build (runner, surfer and cyclist), not tall and not short, amazing voice (so i'm often told) and very experienced with kink, role-play and bdsm. the total opposite of the guy you are supposed to date or marry. also the kind of guy you'll only tell your best korean friend about and after she judges you briefly she will be insanely jealous and filled with questions about our exploits.  **this will be simple** and easy. we will be fuck-buddies, friends and lovers, in our own little world and nothing more. what we do will be ours and ours alone. our secret little fling. no one needs to know but you and i.  **i want a connection** but not a romance. the time we spend together, naked in hotel rooms around nyc, should be fun, sexy and escapist. therefore, your relationship status doesn't matter to me, nor should mine to you. let's leave our lives outside the hotel and focus on us alone.  **i know you get a thrill** doing what you aren't supposed too sometimes. do it with me.", "i browse in card mode with autoplay enabled in user settings and i primarily use opera. autoplay works fine with all other content. but nsfw just plays for less then a second then stops (\\~0.01s). i have tried multiple browsers and changed settings. even went as far as making expeptions in browser settings for both reddit and the video's website. nothing made the videos autoplay in card mode. (i have to either click play on them individually or go to post then it autoplays correctly).", "looking to suck some cock. i'm 21, 7\" cut. please be 18-30, clean, and 7\"+  i've never sucked a bbc also, so i'm down to try that too ;)   cannot host tho  &#x200b;   dm me :) your pics get mine", "kind of out of the ordinary but I was wondering if there were any Dom sisses out there looking to have some Hoping for some humiliating Joi or even Preferably femme but if convincing enough it matter what you look Send a sissy caption so I know you read all this TheInnerHipster", "hi there, my name is jessy, i am a dom wolf looking for females to treat well and drill better~. so go ahead and kik me and i'll tell you my kinks in our chat, seeya there sweetheart~. text me with something interesting and intriguing rather than just hey. you'll get my attention that way~ [ps no nekos or kitsunes, only full furries, irl females only]", "i'm very lucky to have such a great girlfriend however sometimes i feel inadequate for her in the bedroom because i'm rather small below the belt. i'm looking to chat with a well endowed bull who can show me the ropes. please message me with some info about yourself.", "love to hear all about your bedroom life message", "sc: whitedudechat", "Looking for a master that will degrade humiliate and use me as a pet pm me looking for long term also have a boyfriend no he does not know what I do although as my master if you choose to let him know I would be ok with that", "add - hornyjaket", "<minimal plot nsfw>  all players and characters will be 18+  heyo! i dont see many gay celeb rps, so i figure i'll make one. my tastes in guys is a bit limited. i really dislike facial hair. i also tend to go for twink like, young guys. just bring some of your favorites or i have some you can choose from! promptwise, im open. we could both be celebs! or i could be a paparazzi. or maybe you are secretly undercover for a role. any suggestions are welcomed. i am a pretty big bottom. im willing to try switching, but dont expect anything haha. if you are interested, my kik is the same as here! send me a pm when you message me initially, as kik doesn't send me notifications sometimes. bye!", "Day and a very particular type of hunt is A very specific So without further here be", "i search for a role play partner. first of all english isn't my first language, so if you want perfect oxford english i will disappoint you. i play about 8 years and got many experience but i love to make some new with you. i don't go straight into smut. a good foreplay with a story is always necessary. i like to play in first person only. this could be only a one scenario story but if you want we can build up your characters in several plays. here some ideas for a play.   1. you are my beautiful, young and sexy daughter. we are a big family with many sisters, brothers, aunts, uncles and cousins but we are not normal family. we often walk around naked and early you discover the woman in our family often have white cream on them. on your birthday i go shopping with you and tell you the truth about our family and the big party that will await you.  2. you are the younger sister of my mum and are having a frustrating marriage. that's the reason you drive every 2 days the 20 minutes to your sister to escape your husband. i, your nephew, and you always have a good relationship and even fool around a bit and make some dirty jokes. one day you see me naked under the shower and from that point you can't hold yourself.  3. whatever you wanna play.   my kik is gerbast", "i created a simple hotkey session plugin. it currently supports changing time scale, animation speed, world scale, and toggling \"freeze motion/sound\".  you can get from [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/christopherta54321/vamscripts/master/hotkeys.cs), just push ctrl+s to save.  load it up as a session plugin. the default keys are:  * \"p\" - toggle between modifying time scale and animation speed * \"up arrow\" - increase selected speed (time or animation) * \"down array\" - decrease selected speed (time or animation) * \"left\" - set selected speed to .20 * \"right\" - set selected speed to .00 * \"l\" - set selected speed to 1.0 * \"u\" - decrease world scale * \"i\" - increase world scale  * \"enter\" - toggle freeze motion/sound  holding down the shift key when increasing/decreasing a value multiplies the step size by 5.  this plugin supports holding down the key to repeat the action.  note that these keys are what i use. i never use desktop mode, so i don't know if they conflict.   these plugins are just text files, so you should be able to pretty easily modify key bindings and other parameters by editing the .cs file. it should be trivial to change key bindings, step sizes, repeat rate, etc.  i'm just going to make my scripts directory a git repo, so you can find my stuff here: https://github.com/christopherta54321/vamscripts", "i am looking for submissive men who can satisfy my dark desire!", "Hello there to the futa reading this my request may be strange but hear me out itll be alot of fun i I want to do a cock vore rp or a anal vore rp i want to fulfill my dreams of being sucked into someones juicy balls or nice plump ass and be turned into ass fat of thick tasty cumm i was someone to fuck my body as they slowly pull me into their cock or ass and into my sexy flustering erotic death but thags not all if your looking for long term rps i have ideas for that to but thags only if you want it so with all that being said i hope to hear from you soon kik slavegirl7767", "if you like cum i have plenty of vids to share. shoot me a pm to join!", "i need a pup", "looking for some company on this snowy day in the mountain west.  i consider myself intelligent, i'm educated (hold a master's), and have a good job and progressing career.  i enjoy interesting conversation and intelligent women, and because i'm not looking for something in person, you don't have to be local.  i more enjoy chatting and exchanging messages to roleplay and open to chatting elsewhere.  i like hearing what you like sexually, turn-ons, etc. knowing you're enjoying the conversation makes it all that much better.  no preference on age or race, but even having somewhat of a candor/connection online adds an additional layer of fun.  personally, i love sex, am open-minded, laid back, more than slightly sarcastic, consider myself witty, and have a good sense of humor.  i'm willing to share photos, including my face but to give you a general idea i'm 6'3\", i have dirty blond hair and blue eyes, consider myself attractive and athletic.", "all the same porn is getting old, lets trade some kinky shit. pm me and i'll be ready", "message me your kik username to get more details, chat about any kinks/fetishes  (no limits), swap porn, compare nudes, jerk off, etc.  or you can message me and ask for my kik  married and straight but secretly bicurious and addicted to big black cock porn along with some other unusual kinks. bbc sissy boi", "i  would post images but it appears i'm not allowed. :(", "i am 18+ and all characters and participants must be 18+   hey everyone, im looking for people to join a group i have started very recently. the theme we have chosen is a kingdom in the roman time period, with a caste system and everything, and a village outside of the castle. this way there will be more roles for everyone. so far we have a queen, me, 1/4 kingdom council/advisor members, 1/2 royal guards, 1/2 maids, 0/1 village head/leader. and everyone can be part of the village. over time if i need it, i can take anyone at anytime from the village a turn them into my own, we have yet to decide wether if the village is with me or against. but this is what we have so far, we are still working on it, if you would like to join, message me here with what role you would like to join as! also we were looking for females to try and balance the ratio!", "<i am 18+ and all participants and characters will be 18+ too> <plot driven nsfw/sfw>  this rp will be about two people, one (or both) of us will be magic users. what kind of plot or messes can we get into, and what kind of scene do you think we can work out. i'm willing to play m or f, but don't do mxm.   my kik is thisisroleplay1, feel free to message me and see how we can do this. or start your own plot. can't wait to see what kind of roleplay we can get started.", "i'm a tall, slim and well hung guy in search of a fun gal with huge boobs who wants to chat, sext and otherwise mess around. if that appeals to you feel free to message me any time.", "i'm still relatively a noob in terms of my experience when it comes to the dom/sub scene. however, doesn't that make me the perfect candidate to start from the ground up and learn to be the best sub possible with the right mentor? i'm looking for someone to give me structure and guidance. as much as i will be a serving sub, i also want to be able to hold interesting and interactive conversations throughout our journey. as much as the kinky aspect is something i'm looking forward to exploring and experimenting with, a solid foundation is imperative.  &#x200b;  anyways, i want to be able to create a lasting relationship with someone. i don't want you to immediately demand a picture just for shits and giggle since apparently you became my \"sir\", \"master\", etc. just don't. i will be willing to verify later at one point but that's after some sort of trust has been established.  &#x200b;  i'm in the southeast portion of the us, so anyone in the us would be greatly appreciated as it would allow a possibility for a meetup in the future if things go well. i hope this was eye-catching enough for some great doms to message me! let's talk and learn about each other.", "the idea of pegging has being going...in and out...of my head. looking to try it because this curiosity is killing me.", "hey everyone bi bottom bear looking for bbc pm me age and kik", "heyy.. my name is emily 21 from houston..  its my first time doing this...i would like to talk with you maybe trade some photos..  i wanna know if im bi or straight.. thats all", "we will be posting updates and cam times here for future sessions!  &#x200b;  thanks!", "basically what the title says. looking for a lady to show me, or tell meabout, the massive cocks she's going to get pounded by. tell me how you're going to make me lick you clean, lick your bull clean, service him and get fucked by him too. the bigger the better, doesn't have to be realistic. i won't ask for personal pics, if you wanna share cool, just enjoying this fantasy. if you're interested just message me, looking to play for a while.", "i would love for you to pretend to be a milf using pictures.  my only limit is face and open to any scenario. pm me!", "<partner search>  i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  hello everyone !! i'm looking for a descriptive & kinky long-term partner who'd be interested in playing a dominant women in the role of my mommy or a celebrity or a prostitute.   1- a celebrity (you may pick a real one, or imaginary) who has adopted a needy & poor guy [me] for boosting out her social activist image, but rather uses & abuses him regularly for her pleasure.  or  2- a mother, with more or less the similar attributes as above, but in an incestuous domme-sub relationship.  3- a prostitute domme, with whome i got into a soft bdsm relationship, after the impressive first paid session.  start off scene (it's only a suggestion) if you wanna try some other scene, do let me know :-  your cold fingers sneaking out through a fingerless full sleeve glove, ran very smoothly onto my wounded chest, which is sore from the fresh whisking of your whip, and onto those weeping scratch marks of your sharp nails, ready to dig in deep of my skin anytime. your warm exhale sending me chills everytime they hit my earlobe as you whisper some precious words in my ear, seeking my highest attention. my breathe is getting heavier and breaking in every once in a while, as your tongue traced my sweet spots of the neck, followed by smooches from your luscious and glossy red lips, making my body quiver on its place while being spread like an eagle on my own bed. your hand slowly traced the middle line of my torso, and gently shifts it path to my inner thigh, purposely brushing the back of your hand on my swollen balls that are being caged in cock-rings.  i'd love to incorporate your kinks alongwith mine. my character's kinks includes but are not limited to : big butts/pawg obsession, femdom & submission, soft  bdsm, tease & seduction, orgasm control/denial, edging, forced riding, forced orgasm, reward or punishment games, incest, forced incest, seeing you in mistress outfits, other skimpy outfits & lingeries, corsets, stockings, heels, boots etc. & to help you shop for them. cfnm, clothed sex, bondage, roughness, handjobs, sloppy red lipstick blowjobs (on recieving side) deepthroating, choking, facefucking, pussy licking, ass eating, anal & assplays (giving), anal creampie, ass worshipping, facesitting, smother play, lactation, titplays, hotdogging, sex toys, strap-ons, pussy eating, kinky games, collars, cuffs, ties, whips, giving multiple orgasms, loads of cumplay, spanking, lapdance, light bdsm, public sex, puplic play, sex in different position,sex at bizzare locations, risky sex, and the list goes on... lol ;)  my major turn ons : talking dirty, calling names luxurious lifestyle, brushing your butt on my crotch, eye contact, sloppy kisses & smooching, grabbing your waist & butts, long legs, thick thighs, hickeys, possessiveness & aggressiveness.  limits: blood, scat, gore, gangbang, cuckold, puke, bestiality, feminization, sissification, or anything extreme.  no private pics or videos to be asked. period. although i appreciate practice of using random pics picked from internet for close references.  i roleplay over kik, and in 1st person only, so will expect the same from your side. replies can be as longer and detailed as you like to, but not less than 7 lines as a thumbrule. i reciprocate and put my effort the way my partner shows.  if you found your interest in my kink list or plot, please hit me up with a message, including your thoughts and kik username :)   looking forward for your orange envelopes <3  thank you for reading !!", "who is this amateur? chastity blonde https://imgur.com/a/wwvpqus", "am 18+ and all participants and characters are 18+.   im just bored and looking to roleplay i have a couple ideas in mind. we can use any characters from normal people, anime characters, monster girls, furries, anything realistically. i have vast knowledge of many video games so we can do characters from there. if you have an idea as well please let me know. when you message me please have a scenario or a character ref/character pic already. hit me up at worsthunter.", "hello! i'm looking for two girls (or a girl playing two characters) to do a threesome roleplay with me in a kik group chat. i understand that it can be hard to get two people online at the same time to roleplay so can i ask that if you don't have a decent amount of time, don't reply to this as it takes some time to get a second person. boring stuff aside some scenes i like for this rp include:  1. two teachers/student (this is my favourite one so extra points if anyone is willing to do this one)  2. cheerleaders/football captain  3. slutty party girls/random guy  4. two gym instructors/new client  if you have any others in mind then feel free to suggest them to me. other than that if you're interested, please reply on kik @ schris715 with the following in your first message.  1. your name  2. age (irl or character)  3. a reference picture (for both if you're playing two)  4. preferred scene  5. threesome0123 (so i know you read all this)  we can discuss kinks and limits once we're in a kik group with everybody. thanks for reading and hope to see you there!  i am 18+ and a participants and characters are 18+", "name says the goal. not into trans, bonus points if you know the girl you show off to me!", "so, i have a couple roles i like to play! i love to play with a girl that likes to be a bit slutty (or very slutty of course) and can challenge me. im no sub, but im not looking for a complete sub either. someone who is super confident in their abilities is a huge turn on for me. i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+  i have a couple prompts below, but these are very open for change, or we can use these as inspiration to create new ones! don't be afraid to message me your ideas if you think we click! these can either be a long-term, or a one-time role for the right person.  also, im down for just chatting about our experiences as well ;)  bro/sis: essentially, both my sister and i are back from college on summer break. we like to go out and party, but never really hang out together. we're both more into finding a new lay at these parties we go to and we've both developed reputations. we've helped each other out in the past, like helping sneak partners into our house, or give each other a wingman, but never have done anything together. we're about to go out again this night, but both parties get cancelled, so we're stuck at home alone and dressed up to go out. we decide we might as well drink together and play a game of truth or dare to pass the time - and since we're both pretty competitive, we don't really back down and really up the ante each time.  revenge sex: both of us have found out our partners have been fucking around behind our backs. we go out to a bar/club/party a few nights after we find out to let off some steam and we run into each other there. we really hit it off - venting about our particular situations, flirting, and teasing each other. we end up going off somewhere (it can be as public or private as you want) and fuck around, sending our, now, exes pics/vids/audio of us fucking to get back at them.  cheating: we're both on our 3 year anniversary trips at a fun, caribbean location. the sex life for both our relationships has fizzled out quickly and we're both very bored with our partners. we run into each other at some point and as we connect (either at the pool, beach, club, etc) we realize what we're looking for and spend our vacation sneaking around to fuck each other senseless.  i'm a switch and i love rough sex (slapping, spanking, choking, hair pulling, and biting [both giving and receiving]), semi-clothed sex, semi-public/risk-of-getting-caught play, cumplay/creampies, anal, oral play, titfucking/hotdogging, and my absolute favorite is talking dirty talk/teasing before, during, and after!  you can look at my post history to see some of the roles i have posted, but it is easier to give my hard limits as to what i won't play:  * rape/force * blackmail/mind control * large group play (or rather large male group play - sorry i just can't get into it ladies) * beast * underage/kidnapping * dub-con/coercion   send me a message (kik: gbarsenal13) and hopefully we can see what works for us! please send a description of yourself and your kinks to see if we are a good match and are detailed!", "you've established safe guidelines with your subs. you have done all the tasks you've found online, but how do you come with your own creative ones with scalable difficulty? how do you come up with tasks that don't become repetitive, but still escalate to behavioral modification?  keep reading.  **the basics:**  for starters, you need to know your sub's interests, capabilities, and interests. this should have already been done before you decided to begin your relationship. however, for any reason, it hasn't been done - do it now, regardless of whether you continue to read on.   behavior modification tasks are built around conditioning, specifically [operant and classical conditioning](http://bdsmwiki.info/conditioning). remember b.f skinner and pavlov? they are unknowingly the fathers of bdsm. these are the concepts you should build your tasks around.   **guidelines for building a task:**  * pick a behavior you'd like to modify or improve i.e blowjobs.  * pick a lesson reason i.e why is it important for your sub to learn or do this task. this is the mental component and provides a little motivation for the sub to complete the task. * pick a positive reinforcing stimulus, i.e masturbation.  * pick a reward i.e praise or orgasm * have a punishment in your back pocket * use time constraints, clothing, items, and materials to increase or reduce the difficulty. you have a lot of leeway with this parameter. this is your opportunity to really be creative.   **example:**   lesson: no place like home  synopsis:  when a man enters a house, he wants to be greeted to a beautiful  sight and an inviting warm feeling. your role as a woman is to fulfill  him. in order to execute the proper greeting, a woman must be nude  except for a collar and high heels. she must be on her knees with her  mouth open wide and her tongue sticking out. this is called whore's  pose. a whore must not only be comfortable in this pose, but derive  pleasure simply by being in it. no man likes a dry mouth and  uninterested whore.  task:  - strip naked, wear a collar, and sit on your knees on the floor - place a 1/8 measuring cup or small cup in front of your knees - have your mouth wide open, tongue out, and drool into the cup - watch rough face fucking blowjob porn for the duration of the exercise - rub your clit in the same position (no spreading your legs wide) - the task will be over once the measuring cup has been filled up with drool or 15 minutes has passed, which ever comes later - you are not allowed to cum, but must bring yourself as close as possible  **discussion**:  this task does a couple of things:  * it pairs her position, drooling, and blowjob stimulus with pleasure and images of blowjobs. * it serves as building block to move on to the goal. her drooling at the thought or sight of cock or whenever in that position.  * it is scalable in difficulty. we can modify her clothing, her position, the amount of drool, the time, change the type of porn she watches, and add objects like dildos or a real dick. these are some of the few ways to make it more exciting as well as reduce or increase the difficulty. * it allows her to    **conclusion:**  ultimately, you can use this as a guideline to modify any type of behavior, keep them entertaining, and constantly challenging. this is the approach we take to bdsm, which has worked well for us. even as experienced doms, there is still mountains of ideas and approaches we are open to learning. feel free to post your thoughts and ideas as well.", "college guy here looking for some kinky guys to have some fun with. im a switch so im open to hearing from doms and subs  into: role play, edging, orgasm control, cbt, spanking, piss play, bondage, and more", "i'm a 31 year old male(obviously?), lover of music - mostly heavy metal, but i like most genres. i love to cook, mostly italian, mexican and some american style dishes. big fan of spice too,!  i'm into a variety of kinks, ask me about them! let's find things out about each other.  i'm pretty chill. i like to game. i try to keep in shape, at least not fat....   i do prefer younger, in shape/petite and fun loving!   come chat, i'm aching to meet you! :)", "looking for latino or black guys that want to show off. dm kik   stats: 19m/athletic/curious", "hmu for anything. tyler91120", "hey there! as the title suggests i have a foot fetish! id love to see your feet ladies!! i'd be down to roleplay too! send your kik and ask for mine!!!", "let's talk about scat! i love the idea of dirty anal sex and would love to chat and/or rp about it with a woman who has the same interest.  (i don't send pics/vids)", "heya im just looking for a short-sentenced description/actions chats although i don't mind portraying my real self or any characters in any scenarios we came up with. 5'5 asian, quiet chubby for asian standard and also living in south east asia region. i always have the desire to have a slim and relatively petite western girls so thats always a bonus, i don't mind sharing pictures in the future if all goes well. my kinks are public, bdsm, teasing, clothed, lovemaking. i'm 26 years old if that matters and also i don't mind having big time difference, it can be when im at work and you're horny and want to do have some fun in my down time :). i'm dom so i'm mostly looking for a sub, in terms of size i have relatively small one in comparison to western size but i'm always aiming to please by making it up with some good bdsm or other stuff. discord would be ideal but recently i started using wickr so theres that as well.", "we are both picking our toys for the first time and are really not sure what to get...he likes the nox but i am overwhelmed. any advice or suggestions? i like smooth stuff not a fan of ridges or big bumps. also in-terms of the soft and firm. whats the huge difference?", "http://i.imgur.com/jivsapz.jpg  like what you see? hit me with a pm", "not much more to say really; i'm simply looking to solicit a sexy selfie!  pm me for my kik :3 please do not use reddit chat.", "i'm looking for a consistent nsa fwb to build a sexual connection that will lead to mind-blowing sex. i really like watching girls cum, and want to cum all day long together. lets grab a drink or dinner to see if we have chemistry. i'm in san jose, but willing to drive to sf, and prefer you host. i'm also interested in bondage, light bdsm, tantric slow meditative sex. toned asian.", "https://www.xvideos.com/video31377461/small boobs brunette teen gives head and anal fucked  what's her name?", "love sharing my dick and my porn. hit me up if you want to come along for the ride!", "naomi had been a bit drunk when she fucked the son of the farmer at the pick-your-own-blueberries place. she'd let him cum inside her and everything! now, she's pregnant with his little blueberry pickers. she knows that she'll have many more of his babies, because farmers are known for having big families. somehow, she doesn't mind though. she's even excited at the idea of having a dozen or more babies! after all, more children means more help around the farm, and that's help that naomi will definitely need if she's going to spend the rest of her life pregnant.", "title just about sums it up. if you see a post that contains content that violates the reddit tos, please report it. this is (and i say this with a smile, because i know the sentence is ridiculous) probably the best community for anime armpits on the entire internet, and i'd rather not it go the way of bunches of other hentai subs that were too lax with their rules.  as always, use your better judgment when taking into consideration whether a character is acceptable. flat chests not banned on principle, but do keep in mind the character's other features (such as general physique) when posting and ensure that they are appropriate.  thanks for listening, and for those of you who posted them, sorry to be your party pooper.", "hey guys.  low key 35/m looking for a bi/gay jo bud to stroke with.  all body types welcome.  willingness to mic / show full body a +++.  hit me up!", "hello!  we are looking to add a few more amazing writers to our wonderful <group> that has a fun setting in a small mountain town! there is much to do and even the option to build and own your very own shop, restaurant, club, or anything else you may think up! this is a collaborative world that all of our players are encouraged to build together! not to mention all of the steamy situations your characters can get into! from a universitiy to a magic shop and even a sweet little cafe and colorful night club! all we need is you to explore and enjoy this amazing, established place!  please join our public chat **#cwfapplicationroom** to begin your sexy adventure!  application  kik:  reddit:  irl age:  timezone:  why are you interested in candlewick?  are you in any other rp groups, if so, which ones?  level of expected activity in a week?  writing sample:  character sheet (not currently accepting shapeshifters)  kik:  reddit:  name:  title:  sexuality:  gender:  top/bottom/switch:  age:  race:  strength:  weakness:  bio:  (i am 18+ and all participants and characters must be 18+)", "jay 0929", "hopefully harmless but just thought i'd make sure, still a virgin.  [https://imgur.com/hdfyelm](https://imgur.com/hdfyelm)  [https://imgur.com/a/h0kdab6](https://imgur.com/a/h0kdab6)", "must be quick. hmu with pic and asl mdr1986", "jockstraps and ball stretchers on my mind today. happy to entertain and be entertained with another cool guy. working from home today, plenty of time to play. say hi: mmatts80", "i'm amab but looking to get my first bit fo cum... i'm free tonight all night, you have to verify with a pic, and word of my choosing written on a paper... i will do the same!", "i'm bored in bed and looking for some fun. message me with your idea of fun", "so im wondering if having a boner and wanking to hands is normal. because ever since i have been getting boner every time i look at the hands of my classmates. so i started saving pics of hands on my phone to pleasure myself.", "i have had a lot of whiskey and want a lovely lady lady to chat or more likely sext with i am a chubbier guy though so if you aren't interested in that. i also have kik pm for that", "(must cam)  [https://www.rabb.it/kraken265](https://www.rabb.it/kraken265)", "she's in the first scene of goal- 007  [https://javfor.me/video/115286/goal-007.html](https://javfor.me/video/115286/goal-007.html)", "by now you know the drill, i'm sure. get at me with pic requests! you wanna see it? you got it! or just come chat, that's fun too lol. same policy. you wanna talk about it? i'm game!", "hey there. if you are in istanbul and up for some fun, message me (;", "as far as i know i literally may be the best haiku artist who only writes about tits (also maybe occasionally asses upon request) in the game today. i'm guessing it's not a particularly overcrowded niche, so i maybe have to be better than like 2 guys who probably aren't that good. i'm guessing. what the fuck do i know? but maybe you do!  so send me a way to get in touch (kik/snap/whatever) with you so i can haiku your tits and you can critique my work while i critique your tits. sounds like a reasonable request to me. also please don't proposition me with requests to write about someone that isn't you, not really my thing.", "as far as i know i literally may be the best haiku artist who only writes about tits (also maybe occasionally asses upon request) in the game today. i'm guessing it's not a particularly overcrowded niche, so i maybe have to be better than like 2 guys who probably aren't that good. i'm guessing. what the fuck do i know? but maybe you do!  so send me a way to get in touch (kik/snap/whatever) with you so i can haiku your tits and you can critique my work while i critique your tits. sounds like a reasonable request to me. also please don't proposition me with requests to write about someone that isn't you, not really my thing.", "hey everyone i am looking for someone who would like to help me with roleplaying my fantasys or we could roleplay yours. gender doesnt matter to me  my kinks are pretty much anything besides scat and gore ( i can do furry stuff if you want btw)  my prompts:  i play a boy who got in trouble during gym class by a ( what ever gender you want) gym teacher and my punishment is that you make me come back to clean the floors of the showering room. while i am in there you watch from the door you see my clothes getting all wet and dirty so you tell me to remove them. i do as you say then from there you can do what ever you want to me i am all yours ;) (if your a female pegging is okay  a brother and sister who's parents have left down for a few days (you can take this where ever you want i dont mind)  two bestfriends who have a sleep over and get curious (this can lead where ever you want it too as well)  my kik is domestic\\ chicken  my telegram is \\ cb64\\ ", "kik ty124\\ ", "well hello there. i'm hoping to find another guy who enjoys swapping sexy stories, fantasies, if the moods right pictures! i'm bi and not the most experienced with playing with the same sex, but when i get the urge too it's intense. if it matters at all i'm a bottom. kik is the best way for me to communicate so if you're interested dm me here amd leta get in touch! ;)", "i know this place is dead but anyone got the link with her and riley you have to pay for on pornhub?", "emodoesporn", "i'm looking for a dom to expose me i always end up deleting post", "hey there blond gl guy stats are 5' 10\" 170 lbs  white  i have pics aswell", "looking for some company on this snowy day in the mountain west.  i consider myself intelligent, i'm educated (hold a master's), and have a good job and progressing career.  i enjoy interesting conversation and intelligent women, and because i'm not looking for something in person, you don't have to be local.  i more enjoy chatting and exchanging messages to roleplay and open to chatting elsewhere.  i like hearing what you like sexually, turn-ons, etc. knowing you're enjoying the conversation makes it all that much better.  no preference on age or race, but even having somewhat of a candor/connection online adds an additional layer of fun.  personally, i love sex, am open-minded, laid back, more than slightly sarcastic, consider myself witty, and have a good sense of humor.  i'm willing to share photos, including my face but to give you a general idea i'm 6'3\", i have dirty blond hair and blue eyes, consider myself attractive and athletic.", "https://gfycat.com/genuinedecenthamadryas", "**service(s) needed**: i want a 10-45 min kik show with either an extremely hyper and excited girl or a girl who watches (and is up to date with) doctor who or legends of tomorrow.  **budget**: $25-$75 (but somewhat flexible)  **specifics (requests, kinks/fetishes, time requirements, etc.)**: video heavy. **show face** if you're doing hyper, i want you to act like doing this show is the highlight of your day, no make that week. if you're doing one of the shows, it will probably be like a 60/40 split between talking about the shows and being sexy.  **type of seller i'm looking for (age, race, dom/sub, body type, etc.)**: the ideal age range is 22-27, but anyone from 18-38 is eligable. skinny to average stomach,   **preferred payment method(s)**: venmo, cash app, cmd, but flexible.", "picture exchange rates and chats pm me if ur up for it", "come play with me. hairy and older (fit) pref. sc: vtttjjee", "wanting to host a private room for 1 on 1 mic and stroke/gooning session to some bbc/interracial porn  the more active/verbal you are, the better.  mic required, cam is optional", "hey all, i'm a cute latino guy and looking for someone to hangout, drink with, and go adventures with.  oh and occasionally  have kinky sex with.", "[https://imgur.com/ogiuq52](https://imgur.com/ogiuq52) y  my puny penis is basically a big clit  &#x200b;   [https://imgur.com/gallery/p3orarv](https://imgur.com/gallery/p3orarv)   everything about me is hideous. no woman is interested in my rat/opossum-like looks and even a good personality isn't going to help that. i am naturally-born inhumanly ugly second level being (i don't look human either). i ought to kill myself and make it hurt like hell! or sell myself to isis and let them do the magic, my ugly friend;) even if they burn me up in a cage i'll probably won't be much, if any uglier than i am already are now.", "jockstraps and ball stretchers on my mind today. happy to entertain and be entertained with another cool kikster. working from home today, plenty of time to play. say hi: neverenoughscruff00", "send me asl and lets have some fun.", "bi curious guy from sacramento just looking for those  who want  to get head and maybe blow me too. clean and friendly. dm me if you want to meet up or chat on kik.", "so this video was brazzers and on porn hub but i cant find it anymore. this teacher was super hot and the guy in her class was called charlie. at the end it turned out that whole sex scene was him dreaming about it while he was asleep in class", "looking for anybody willing to share pics or vids of gfs, bfs, friends, family (especially family) or just want to trade personal pics or vids. anybody any age hmu. sc: tjtj120916", "had a lot of fun a few days ago with someone who was quite skilled at photoshop and putting me into some... interesting situations, and i'd love to see if anyone else out there can do the same (maybe even better!)  send me a message (please don't use the chat feature, it's awful and i hate it) and we can talk more about what i have in mind :) bonus points if you send samples of your work!", "looking for guy that wanna share their wifes/gfs/mother/sisters/whoevers pictures and get dirty with their clothes. if you are interested please send me a short introduction via pm and i will contact you asap!", "i was wondering if anyone can tell me how i can find or search for the tv series 24 with jack bower? any advice would be greatly appreciated.", "looking to jerk to hot teens you know on kik. username is the same as on here", "while i love femdom i most a good sexy sensual song mixed with a bit of toys and stuff.... so hot right   igiveupfinito", "22yo twink type(pics in history) looking for older guys to trade pics and vids with. love daddys, big bros, pup play, and dirty talking. pm me ;)", "hi! the title says most of it but i definitely have a submissive side and am starting to get into being a bit of an exhibitionist. i am up for almost anything, you could boss me around, we could play a game, anything really. my kinks include spanking, bondage, humiliation, cbt, body worship, and much much more! physically i am 5'9, 150 lbs, athletic body type, short brown hair, and brown eyes. i am more than happy to answer any questions in private. if you are interested even a little bit please pm me!", "let's be real, who doesn't have a thing for animated porn? come join me while i watch some. pm me with your asl if you want to get off with me", "i just want to see a beautiful woman cumming on someone else's big cock while i watch. im single and havent gotten to experience being cucked. if you want to cuck me with your boyfriend or husband let's chat. or you could send me pics of all the cock's you want instead of me. i love looking at captioned pics and gifs involving cucking.  i'm very open to cuck kinks so if you want something dirtier just tell me! kik desston", "[https://res.cloudinary.com/campus-job/image/upload/t\\ student-public-page/v1/profile\\ pictures/w59cg0zfy5\\ 20161027.jpg](https://res.cloudinary.com/campus-job/image/upload/t student-public-page/v1/profile pictures/w59cg0zfy5 20161027.jpg)  &#x200b;  i know her real name is \"driyanna lynch\". however, when i google it none of her cam work comes up. ironic enough her facebook pops up. i found her on xvideos and there was one video of her cammning but i cannot seem to be able to find her stage name. the video has been taken down. but from what i remember she seemed very versed at it. links or stage name will be help me out a lot! thanks in advance", "hey there!  posted a few days ago and found a lovely, sweet lady who was into all the kinks i shared in my last post. it was a super fun time as we both equally enjoyed hanging out as well as the rough sex once we got back to my place.  one thing she mentioned was how she wants to go to more sex/swinger parties as well as fmf threesomes. i've personally never been to a sex club/party nor had a threesome, but we both agreed it'd be fun to do either together.  seeking a fun, down to earth woman who's interested in either joining us for a sex party/club, threesome, or both!   her: 5'6\", in shape, great ass, loves it rough and primal me: 5'11\", 7\" and thick, athletically built, and super dominant  we both hope you're also in shape as much as you are easy-going and kinky. if this sounds like something you want to try or do more of, then send over a pm with your kik and we can do a picture swap and group chat. hope to talk soon!", "any girl near uci want to meet up? if it works out maybe this could be a fwb ongoing thing also.", "i'm a straight male looking for a female friend with benefits. i'm 27, 5'11\", 150 lbs, white.  send me a message if interested or you'd like to know more details.  &#x200b;  thanks.", "i can't fucking take it anymore. it's been a month since i last got laid. i've just been so fucking busy. i use tinder and bumble and hinge and i've got plenty of people i've been talking to but sexting just isn't the same. it isn't unreasonable to ask someone to eat my pussy. i deserve it. but i'm so slammed with assignments and club/committee activities that there's literally never a free night where i can get fucked. i just want to get fuuuuucked. i'm having wet dreams literally every night and the porn i've been watching is getting more and more fucked up.  please someone offer me advice. or just talk to me about it. don't send me any messages though, i don't like that kind of privacy.", "*\"just fear me, love me, do as i say, and i will be your slave.\"*  i tend to be a bit long-winded, so bear with me here. i'm a twenty-four year old guy, and a total shut-in. i'm from las vegas, nevada originally, which a lot of people seem to get a pretty big kick out of. i moved out here when i was around thirteen and bounced around so many times to the point where i've forgotten how many, but i've finally set down roots here in the quiet little town of norwalk. that's northcentral ohio, close to sandusky if you know where that is. where i go next just depends on what life has in store for me.   i've got long-ish blond hair. i've been told i've got the \"80's thing\" going on, which is cool, 'cause that's the kind of music i like primarily is stuff with that kind of vibe to it. 90's stuff is alright too. modern music i just turn the radio off. i've got blue eyes that i'm told are exceptionally pretty. yes, i am a big guy. full disclosure, i can look pretty eccentric sometimes and i'll totally embarrass you in public. i've been toning it down as of late, but you've been warned. but labyrinth is one of my favorite movies...   as i said, i'm a homebody. i live quietly. in my free time i think the best word to describe me would be a gamer. i'm kind of floating at the moment, actually, because nothing in particular has my interest. but the games that i really love are story-driven, or really deep, and there's not really an abundance of those out there, especially with any multiplayer. i think my true love gaming-wise will always remain the dark souls series because i can nerd out over it. no, not because i'm one of those jackasses who guffaws over how challenging it is and because \"git gud\" or anything like that.   aside from that, i do a bit of drawing. i'm hesitant to call myself an \"artist,\" per se, because i'm still pretty amateur, but i concede to having some talent at it, and i have made money at it too, but saying i'm an \"artist\" makes me sound like some guy who should have a pair of oversized glasses, a strange, colorful haircut, skinny jeans, and a starbucks coffee cup in his hand at all times while talking about some kind of pseudo-philosophical crap. i mean i do fulfill the pseudo-philosophical crap part, but it sounds pretentious sometimes! anyway, aside from that i've been mainly helping a friend out with creative projects, and working on writing ideas. used to do a lot of rping in forums and stuff, little bit of fanfiction work. been a long time, been wanting to get back into it. used to do cosplay, too, wouldn't mind getting back into that either.   full disclosure, i'm a sarcastic bastard. and i'm more than a bit jaded. i try to use my sarcasm as a form of humor, so even when i'm being a jackass it's not because i'm trying to be mean, it's because i'm trying to make you laugh. and probably failing miserably at it, but trying. i am a quiet guy by nature. if you hit a point of conversation that i have an extreme interest in or something that i can continuously hold a conversation about, then i can talk for a long while-- but i don't need to hear myself talk. some people might mistake me for boring because i don't speak when i don't have something to say. i don't believe in an \"awkward silence\" between two people who care about each other. right now i'm kind of floating in life.   i'm tired of feeling alone all the time. i am looking for something meaningful. i want someone to hang out with, make plans with, and actually wants me around. i need someone who can be patient with me, as i've still got a lot to learn and take a while to come out of my shell-- and willing to put up with me. i can be a handful sometimes and i know it. i want a real friend and companion. someone who'll make me feel like i actually know what love is. i'm a hopeless romantic. i put my all into a relationship. it's a strength and a character flaw. i like to be cheesy and romantic, and i like to give attention. and i am both a sensual and sexual person too, and my romanticism carries over.  i'm overly protective, and can be overbearing in trying to take care of people i care about. i'll harass you about making sure you ate today. i'll poke at you about taking medication if you need it. i'll do what i can to take care of you if you get sick. i'll try my best to get you to sleep and get a decent night out of it. when you get upset, i'll sit and listen to you and talk with you about what's wrong. i'll tell you i love you until you get sick of hearing it, because i say it way more often than i should when i really do fall in love.   i want someone to be mine. be mine, and i will do all that i can to make you feel loved and wanted, and make you love me just as much.", "hey, 27m looking for a dominant guy to humiliate me over my cute hipster crushes and maybe even go out and fuck them. ideally would love to talk to a guy who hooks up with artsy hipster girls regularly, and who would be into teasing and cuckolding me while i sit at home dreaming about it. maybe you could even make me wear panties and rp as one of their boyfriends while you give me a stern talking to  pm with asl and your kik/skype. would also love to explore this in person also so let me know if you're near nyc", "we all know the tale. a young man who so desperately wants to do better. wants to be better. until by some supernatural circumstances, he can do exactly that and so, so much more. increased strength, speed, reflexes and who knows what else? think of what you can do with those powers. you could truelly make a difference.  of course, with great power comes great responsibility. you can't simply 'clean up the streets' without drawing attention to yourself. without gaining enemies. so, what if one of these enemies found the secret to your powers through your dna? what if they found a way to not only copy them for themselves but to also enhance them? and what if....what if with trying to copy and improve these powers, she managed to gain a little something on the side?  \"do you mean-\" yes. i do mean that. i want to play a scene where i'm a new superhero vigilante who made an enemy out of a lady whose mind i underestimated. a lady who not only copied and improved my powers but also my cock.  do you want to take the hero down a peg? do you want to fuck me into submission? then shoot me a message!", "daddy needs some attention from a cute little gurl! he needs help to cum tonight. looking for online fun only.   kik sr.marik  help daddy plz", "hey yes i'm a 25 year old virgin and yes i have a huge sex drive. i'm looking for a someone i can get to know and just have an online thing with, show off to each other and get off, but i would like more and get to know each other. i'm doing this cause i'm tired of just looking at porn i want something real and you might say \"get a girlfriend or get a prostitute\" girls aren't really into me and my skills to get a girl in my bed is really bad, so maybe you are looking for something i can offer or you want to get to know me just shot me a message at raven171717", "married man in america. looking to satiate my primal urges. we can message on reddit (not chat) or on kik. i can provide more details in private.", "great guy looking to blow. 49 male, clean and discrete", "i've been building up for some time now and i want to cum. send me a private message.", "alright, i'll admit i'm a pretty big nerd. i work as a software developer, and my main interests involve video games and anime for the most part. i also like staying inside most of the time. so as you can imagine, i don't have much relationship or sex experience. i think i have a lot to offer though. hopefully this doesn't come across as cocky as i'm actually pretty insecure to tell the truth, but i think i'm intelligent, clever, and very interesting to talk to. physically, i'm tall, slim, and i have kind of a ridiculously big dick (which i know mentioning will turn off some of you, but if you're into it it's a huge bonus). anyway, i'm looking for something akin to friends with benefits i suppose? if it becomes more than that then great, but i'm not going into this expecting that. i'd like to talk dirty to each other and perhaps even share some pictures, but also just have someone to talk to about whatever during the day. if you're interested i'd love to hear from you!", "send a pm with your kik if you're interested in chatting and exchanging a few stuff ;)", "i dont care how tall , fat or whatever you are . i'm just after a daddy with a big fat cock , like its gotta be big , always dtf let's chat and i'll def send pics .  i can drive to you pm or kik at sinwhatgg", "any ideas? technically this state has reciprocity, but not at any dispensary... so even though i'd like to buy legal medical herb, i guess i have to go blackmarket to get the medecine?   i have my massachusetts medical card.", "hi everyone bottom bear looking for bbc pm me age and kik", "hey,  pretty simple, i just want to show off my body and please you. i have plenty of toys and i am not shy.  i love to take requests.  pm me your age, gender and location.", "happy november! i am a 27 year-old who lives in palo alto. i am curious if i can find a local dom who might be interested in connecting. i would love to start to get to know someone and maybe turn an online connection into a real life dom/sub relationship.  i work a typical 9-5 and i enjoy conversations in just about every direction. as for kinks, i enjoy submitting, face sitting, bondage, and general femdom scenarios. i am very open into knowing what you are into as i might have my kinks, but it is only fun if both people are enjoying the experience.  if you are interested, then i would love to get to know you and your kinks.", "the two of us have been together a little while now, and we've been wanting to spice it up/try something different (whatever you want to call it, lol) by adding another woman into the mix.  ideally we'd like to meet up beforehand and get to know you first before jumping into it, maybe it becomes more than a one time fling, who knows?  we have our own place and can host, but could also drive to you if you're reasonably close. if you want more details just ask.", "looking for someone to get to know, get comfortable with, build a connection and some suspense with, until we're comfortable enough to have naughty fun with each other via voice or video chat. we can chat and tease each other all day until we finally get to talk.  [here's a picture of me. it's clean, i promise!](https://imgur.com/a/a9puzct)  about me:i'm a 28/m living in nj. i'm a baker. i'm definitely introverted. i have dark brown hair, a full beard, and i wear glasses. i have a great sense of humor, enjoy meeting new people, and i've been told i've got a nice voice often, lol. i'd be more than willing to trade photos once we get comfortable enough, also. i enjoy cooking, baking, reading, binging tv shows, exploring the outdoors, etc.  talk to you soon!", "23, white, submissive, interested in cum play, anal, obedience, humiliation, and name calling. currently attached but enjoy serving alpha males. looking for someone to control and degrade me. could be tonight or on-going. would like to start with online training then move from there.", "you want to serve a queen and make her feel good all the time? are you athletic and loyal? willing to please your queen like a goddess and be obedient for her? then send me a message! ;)", "wish i could jerk everyone here with those big saggy tits https://imgur.com/a/ywnam1e", "i'm doing more ratings so send what you want and i'll rate it. pm me", "hello, we are looking for a great guy to hang out with saturday night. drinks at a bar then after party. if you are fit, clean, groomed, hung, cut, handsome and horny send a pic for consideration.", "show me who the boss is. the rougher, meaner and more forceful the better. send asl. might not be on reddit much longer but user is in bio.", "i'm currently looking woman who enjoys exhibition/showing off. i would love to watch you have a squirting orgasm in person. i'm also fine with women who can't squirt, just masturbate/show off. i'm open to all ages and body types. i'm fine with paying for a hotel or a place to host this. also would also be willing to buy a toy or something for you to play with. pleasure does not have to be reciprocated (but i'm open to it). i'm also open for this to be just a video/skype session if that's easier to do. my schedule is usually free, so we can do this whenever. i'm willing to travel all around the bay area, so all places welcome.hope to hear from you soon.", "i don't care whether you know them or not, let's just share girls each other.  kik is nishigaku", "as title says im gonna cum for girls or tgirls. just pm me for details.", "so i've looked around for this topic on other vegan subs, and i've seen a few folk sheepishly claiming that their poop becomes more \"pleasant\", but nobody seems to be willing to share the specifics.  i know pretty much all vegans have, shall we say, a good experience of pooping, but i've never heard anyone clarify just what it is they feel when they poop. like, for me it's epic beyond comprehension, and i'm not sure if this is what every vegan feels, or if this is just unique to me  for me it feels kinda like halfway between an orgasm and getting stoned. not like the best orgasm i've ever experienced, but every shit i've taken since going vegan has definitely been on the list. i definitely get this real afterglow from it.  the part which feels super weird to account for is the shit-high i get. like sometimes, if i've been eating lots of beans, i kinda feel like the entire world is zooming out to look at me, and that the bathroom is floating all by itself through the universe. it kinda helps that my bathroom is effectively designed in such a way that it's almost like a little cabin within my flat, really adds to the floating immersion since you can kinda imagine separating it off from the rest of the room and flying it like a spaceship.  anyway, so i basically end up sitting on the bowl singing \"i wanna know what love is\", feel at one with nature, and effectively talk to myself about how brilliantly my food slips out the other end maybe 3 or 4 times a day, and then as soon as i leave and go do other stuff, i feel super invigorated and full of energy.  you can really see why santa leaves presents down the chimney iykwim  anyway, i was just wondering if this was the common experience, or if going vegan has just worked special wonders for me in particular.", "throwaway account, for obvious reasons. i'm an 18 year old college student, and i have never had to pay taxes before (i've had jobs but only ones working a few hours a week so i didn't make enough to need to do anything about it). i am in oregon.  i will not answer any questions about what i do that aren't related to my taxes - i am not here to sell.", "hello.  you've clicked on this post because you're either curious, or you're a kinky fucker. in the case of the latter..hey, birds of a feather and all.  in short, i basically wanna do an rp based around heavy violence and sex. i can roleplay as whatever you're in the mood for, and i can play as either the one being beaten or the one doing the beating. i have several refs, and can play men, women, and dickgirls, so tell me what you're looking for.  if you're interested, send me a message at kristherabbit with your ref, what you'd like to do (beating/being beaten), and what sort of partner you'd like (muscular man, small girl, etc. etc.).  i'll be waiting. follow my instructions and you're in for a world of pain..but that's what you want, isn't it~?", "hello everybody.  i really need someone to help me decide who's the hottest girl, who's the one i should be fantasizing about, perhaps who you are going to be fantasizing about as well.  i'll send you two pictures and you let me know what you think, as simple as that.  thank you for reading", "show me what gets you off. let's jerk together. possibly cum on cam. boredofworkalready.", "28/m with a 26/f dumb fake blonde curvy wife - looking for either tributers to stick their cocks over her face and tits or dominant bulls who would tell me how they'd destroy her - tinydick666999", "beating around the bush is no fun for either of us. let's meet up at get down to business. i want to please you in each and every way possible.   i've been craving to have my lips and tongue grazing around a wet and tasty pussy.   i can go as long as you last.  if you want to have some hot lead up with a couple of drinks and talk, i would love to too!  about me: handsome, fit, fair skinned, average height, respectful and laid back  about you: any race or body type!", "hey what's up who's horny right now? ask for kik and let's cum together! everyone welcome!", "hello people of reddit.  i have been wanting to play quite a few different roles and am looking for both males and females to help me play.  for one i would love to be your victims gf, wife, mom and you bully him and decide to fuck me  another is maybe i'm a loving wife to a pastor and you come and seduce me and fuck me in the church and outside it. (open to possible demon play)  maybe i'm the stupid sorority girl and you get me to go to a frat party and gangbang me  i basically love any rp where i become a mindless sex toy or bimbo  also potential for me playing the 3 big bang girls in a rp  if you like any of this or have an idea hit me up.   guys in groups, black guys, and females get 1st dibs  i am 18+ and all participants and characters are 18+  kik is you dontknow me01", "me and my sister were talking about the whole thing when i said i wanted them to pay taxes. why do they get to live in this country and use the services we pay for through taxes without paying up? anyway, my sister yelled at me so reddit, aita?", "i'm a black male, 5'4,fit, and i'm ddf. pretty chill, laid back, honest, and quiet. i'm looking new \"best bud\" or a potential fwb. if you're into gaming, i have ps4 maybe we can chat there and game if we have anything in common. there's no pressure or anything just start out slow and chat, see if we click and if so we could meet up and chill. i have kik, discord, snapchat, instagram, and whatsapp. i really want to have fun with this. age isn't an issue just be over 18 obviously and be in brooklyn or manhattan.", "i get really turned on by the idea of black men dominating the world after years of being put down. or we can do a non-con interracial rp. i have a few ideas to choose from.  1. i am a filthy white girl in a black ruled city as the blacks have not taken over the country yet so there are black soldiers everywhere. me as a white girl gets caught and is given the choice of walking around freely but on a few conditions i must be naked and can not refuse black cock or any black person for that matter.   2. i am a white girl who gets kidnapped in front of a crack house and get passed around by everyone in the building.   3. i am (you guessed it!) a white girl. as i cook dinner. the black soldiers invade the neighborhood and i get stripped naked as my family gets tied up in the living room. the soldiers bring me into the living room in front of my family and viciously fuck me.   4. i again am a white girl but i get dropped off on an island full of black rapists and pedophiles and black men and women who are violent sex offenders. i get dropped off as punishment for my crimes which are stealing, fleeing police, and public nudity.   5. this one is obviously another white girl but i get thrown into jail full of black men because the female cells were full.   i have no limits at all so do what you want in these roleplays.  my kik is   bottomtoy6 i hope to hear from you anyone participating must be 18+", "looking for a no strings, discreet woman who wants to be pleased orally.   no need to reciprocate if you don't want to, i mostly want to hear you breathe heavily and moan my name. show me exactly how you like to be licked and touched.  if this sounds like something you want shoot me a message and let's make a date.", "i posted last weekend and the guy i picked ghosted me. sooooooo. i will be in town again  this weekend.   27, clean, white, tall, curvy, brunette. 420 friendly.   you: clean, tall, polite, and patient. must be able to host.   please send a face pic in your message or i will not respond.", "i have a final project due tomorrow for my sociology class. i want someone to take advantage of me and make me want to jerk off instead. fill my head with all sorts of filthy ideas and make me cum for you.   if you could provide a reference pic for what your character looks like that would be amazing.", "hanging out at home working tonight (software developer, because i know you're going to ask). just looking for someone to chat with throughout the day, preferably around the typical 9-5 hours since that's when i usually try to get my work done; tonight's an exception. not trying to find a soulmate on here. not looking for a sexting buddy, sharing nudes, or whatever you kids are doing these days.   [me](https://i.imgur.com/w4kpkxe.jpg): istj, queer, backpacker (of the wilderness variety), recreational indoor climber, beer drinker, board gamer, crafter, cat mama. allergic to dogs but they're still cute. my current home project is to crochet something practical. i have a chalk bag and a cardigan on the hook, hopefully i don't add another project. i like living in the pnw but i love camping/hiking in the desert. the longest i went without talking to someone was two weeks; i broke the silence to go buy groceries.   [you](https://i.imgur.com/axtvq8v.png): apparently have a hammock. don't care about your gender, but i'd prefer someone my age or older and okay with talking on reddit for now (i don't use reddit chat). have hobbies that consist of more than video games and netflix (obviously you do, because of the hammock, right?)  my week so far: maybe coming down with a cold and realizing my humidifier hasn't actually been running properly for the past month. also, [my cat](https://i.imgur.com/zbalqv4.jpg) shit all over herself, freaked out, and ran all over the house. **she. got. her. shit. on. my. bed.**   on the bright side, she laid down for a while and let me clean her off without too much hassle. later that night, she came over to groom me and licked my hair. we're bonding :)   down to talk about light stuff, dark stuff, and all the in-between. if you're in my neighborhood, i'll even meet up with you. not tonight, of course. i have to work.", "hey lets have some fun on kik. message me and ill show you my nice big dick - user40009", "that nicely sums up my blah situation. bonus points if you tell me where it's from.  6'1\" 210 mm from the southeast here. trying to find someone who is in a similar situation and wants some flirty companionship.   blah blah not looking to change your situ- okay i'll shut the fuck up.  i enjoy rugby, beer and lifting the occasional weight when i'm not stuffing my face. fairly sarcastic with a dry sense of humor. former military, currently in grad school figuring out what i wanna do with the rest of my life.", "https://www.pornhub.com/view video.php?viewkey=ph5b6079685ee16", "i wanna see big soft cocks. it's a fetish of mine for guys to be big when they are soft. i like to play with it that way. who wants to show me!? hehe", "the idea of pegging has being going...in and out...of my head. looking to try it because this curiosity is killing me.", "i'm looking for a consistent nsa fwb to build a sexual connection that will lead to mind-blowing sex. i really like watching girls cum, and want to cum all day long together. lets grab a drink or dinner to see if we have chemistry. i'm in san jose, but willing to drive to sf, and prefer you host. i'm also interested in bondage, light bdsm, tantric slow meditative sex. toned asian.", "hey there i'm looking for young guys under 25 who want to show me their dick.  particularly interested if you're a teenager or if you have loads of hair between your legs. ideal if you enjoy showing your dick to someone.  anyone under 25 who is up for showing off their young dick is welcome. your age is not a problem, just be under 25. send me a message if you'd like to show off. maybe you're not sure how you compare, maybe you want an opinion or an ego boost. if so i'm also happy to help with that.  if you're interested, let me know. send over your kik and age via pm.", "hello there im looking for females and futas only to do plot based rps with my oc and some monster girls such as slimes succubuses lamias demons angels and much more. im looking for a couple of long term rp partners who would be intrested in doing plot based rp with some smut at times but the rp will be mainly focused on storys another thing i like making the plot with my partner so come to me with some ideas. with that bring said my kik is slavegirl7767 hope to hear from you soon", "hey, 28m creative professional here (6'0\" / white / 180 lbs) and i've recently taken interest in being a submissive sugar daddy for a bratty girl. i'd love to spoil you, buy you cute outfits to wear on dates, and pour you drinks and watch while you enjoy a hot night with a real man.  would love to explore this some time tonight, and am currently open to both single girls and couples. love being forced to wear panties and sissy outfits if you're into that as well.  please me with your asl and a pic (plus your kik if you have one), and i'd love to return the favor and chat more.", "heya all you cock hungry furries, looking for people to fuck silly or to fuck me silly, i play a big cocked, firm assed succubus/demon girl   i love petplay, cum swallowing, ball worship, rimming, sloppy kissing and cock sucking, degrading during sex and lots of other things   send me your ref in your first message please or i'll probably ignore it see you soon ;3", "send a pic to start  higuy2393", "about to take a bath and stay naked the rest of the night! looking for someone to keep me company ;)  look at my profile for a pic!", "send me those cocks and i'll tell you what i think. my user shouldn't be too hard to guess.", "chub here   20+  lax78mac", "looking for people around my age. down for almost anything.", "bi 32m daddy type here looking to chat. casual and non judgemental and can get into most things. i love chatting and can chat most times of the day. i really love getting to know people and connecting sexually. send me a pm if you're interested.", "poop", "been really horny. stuck in bed, i've been sick and don't want to get up, but i've been struggling to not touch myself. someone join me. i'd love a younger 18+ nympho that loves to show off.", "28 m looking to have some fun tonight. attractive hwp 6' and ddf can host or travel", "i am an early 30's intelligent, sweet, and clean guy living in eugene. looking to provide fabulous oral service to a similarly minded woman. i just love giving pleasure in this way and hoping to find someone that likes receiving.  this is an arrangement for someone who wants great oral, but not looking for intercourse. you can sit on my face, lay back and relax, or however you like it. i want you to feel fantastic. i'm also great with my fingers and love breast play too.  let me know if you'd like a submissive guy to use for your pleasure. let me know if you have any questions or requests!", "so i have the day off on friday basically giving me a long weekend.  looking for someone down to smoke and chill w/me. basically we can cuddle as we binge some netflix stoned, up to you if we do more but i'm open to anything.  pm me if interested. 28, nerdy, bearded with some tattoos", "23, white, submissive, interested in cum play, anal, obedience, humiliation, and name calling. currently attached but enjoy serving alpha males. looking for someone to control and degrade me. could be tonight or on-going. would like to start with online training then move from there.", "i am looking for creative guys to find good captions to meme my 44 year old wife's dirty pictures ... no limit ...", "as the title says, i'm a 28 year old guy looking to chat with some fun, freaky, open minded girl about my unusual kink. i'd love to hear about any kinks you have too.", "post in comments 'original and re-release' links to offiical sites with dates", "30 6'2 200 white 7+nice cut package - easygoing looking to have fun with like-minded dude. message me with info/pics and i'll send mine right back.", "hey there i'd love to chat and have some fun with a curvaceous woman.  all my ex's have been tiny twigs, with so sexual imagination. and i've heard that girls with curves are way better in bed.   so let's chat!", "kik:thomasgemini  looking for a girl to be an excited viewer of my fit body. i don't need pics of you if you don't want to share any. i just love to show off. i am also interested in doing some dares involving exposure and exhibitionism.   super excited to hear from you! if this post is still up, i'm still open.", "pretty much the title. add me if interested. could be just this once or long term.  js.hornyy", "[https://www.rabb.it/jessrabbit76](https://www.rabb.it/jessrabbit76)  **no dick talk**. save that for the gay rooms  please chat. **idler's get removed**  say hi when you enter!", "i'm looking for an experienced top with large thick cock, 7+\" please. my hole needs quality attention! i can host, east cobb by old canton and roswell. tonight only. popper/420 friendly. safe only, no bareback please - if that's your thing please keep looking.", "https://imgur.com/a/0lbukqv  hit me up if ya wanna fool around!", "i just bought the fleshlight launch and it feels great and i want to buy more sleeves. i currently have stamina, destroya and mini lotus. what will the sleeves that will give me different experience? i post here because fleshlight sub isnt very active.", "and i cant help but focus on those big black dicks. i have traditionally only been into girls (have only played with a dudes cock once and had him touch mine) but the thought of taking a giant dick in the ass is making me so hard.  into the idea of older and hung males taking me like a little slut. must be all the sissy porn i have been watching lately. also been rping as a sissy slut a lot too online. kik same", "hey as the post says i'm looking for a mate, slave, master/mistress or new friends ,any personality, any body type, anything at all really. i like people who aren't shy about how lewd they are and who like to share their fantasies and moods. we can chat, rp, share yiff or irl! master/mistress and slave can be either rp, irl or both! hope to hear from some of you soon, no matter how old this post is! i'll answer any questions you have on kik! all parties must be +18", "i want to jack of to girls nudes on your phone, might even show you   owenapple69", "love me some slim thick girls.  please be 18-28, brown or black skinned, and ready to fuck this weekend in richmond.  i'm experienced, white and in shape.   hit me up = let's verify and get down!", "ever been through a situation that's calm and civil and just think..okay here is our differences that can't be resolved and we should go our separate ways now.", "are you having any sort of sex-rated problem? trying to decide which guy or girl you should fuck? wondering what dildo to use when you masturbate? deciding whether or not to get your nipples pierced? i will have advice for you. it may not be good advice, but i will have an opinion.  not sure how you feel about letting your girlfriend peg you with her giant strapon? thinkng about a threesome with your cousin and her husband? tell me about it and i will tell you what you should do. please keep in mind i have absolutely no qualifications whatsoever to give this sort of advice, and you take my advice at your own risk...  want an objective opinion about becoming your yoga instructor's submissive little fuckpuppet or how to take 10\" of thick black cockmeat down our slutty white throat? i'm your girl. i'm charlotte and i am looking forward to helping you with all of these - and any other -- difficult decisions.", "bi guy looking to trade pics really, into alot of kinks", "selling a medium size / medium firmness glyph with cumtube, syringe, and bottle of cumlube. perfect condition, but with small nick in base.  $70 shipped to continental us  [https://i.imgur.com/cpvjc3b.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/cpvjc3b.jpg)  [https://i.imgur.com/zpvlm7t.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/zpvlm7t.jpg)  &#x200b;", "have you had a hard day?  let daddy take care of you. :-)   something a little softer, thanks to [this script](https://www.reddit.com/r/gonewildaudio/comments/89souc/script offerm4ff4flong day ill take care of/) by u/8mementomori6  [enjoy](https://soundgasm.net/u/f stop fitzgerald/long-day-ill-take-care-of-you)  more fitz [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/f stop fitzgerald/)", "have you had a hard day?  let daddy take care of you. :-)   something a little softer, thanks to [this script](https://www.reddit.com/r/gonewildaudible/comments/89sqkh/script offerm4ff4flong day ill take care of/)  [enjoy](https://soundgasm.net/u/f stop fitzgerald/long-day-ill-take-care-of-you)  more fitz [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/f stop fitzgerald/)", "in a ldr and we are seeing each other in january. looking to invite a few lucky people over through our visit together. please take a look at both of our reddit post histories. we have posted videos and pictures. her profile can be found on mine. we are both bi, kinky, and love trying new things. this post wont show everything we want but it should give you an idea on who we are and what we are looking for.  when you respond please tell me a bit about yourself. pictures will catch my eye. not looking to have a conversation or pry for information over multiple messages.  **an idea of what we are looking for:**  * mmf or mff threesome. * watch her with a guy/girl, her watch me with a guy/girl. * suck cock together. * she wants a load in her pussy and i want one in my ass. * cumkiss, creampie eating. * prefer to bareback.  **what we expect from you:**  * clean shaven, std free, and hygienic. * be chill and laid back. sometimes we will want to chill and drink for a little and let things progress. * please be good looking. there might be exceptions if you have other good qualities but good looks are important. * be discreet. * guy should be bisexual or open to playing with another guy. submissive guys welcome. please have a neatly trimmed and bigger-ish cock. * women should be straight or bi. i'd like to teach my gf how to eat pussy. * if you're slutty, horny, down to fuck and/or be fucked. we will talk to you and see if you'll fit our needs.", "just got a new fleshlight and am trying it out. would love an audience.", "thtboyyou21", "i'm located in gwinnett and this is my first time doing this. i need to get blown , prefer women but may make exceptions . i'm  5'4\" 150lb clean , disease free.   please describe yourself", "hello!! as the title suggest i'm a hung femboy looking to dom an older femboy. can be a daddy or a big brother~. pm me and i'll send you my kik", "any buds want to jerk to some teens?", "i'm planning to buy a small austin in medium firmness once i've saved some more money up and was wondering if you think getting a suction cup for the toy would be worth the extra cost?", "not that there aren't a plethora of younger distractions walking around campus all day - but as of yet, none has sought me out for any extra help during my office hours.  would you care to be the first?  i prefer to use kik, or message here on reddit but i do have a private text number as well.", "i'm a fucking legend. you create a fantasy world where you're the hardest man alive.   i live in a real world where i claim mountains, befriend all i can, fight bad guys and usually beat them to a pulp, go on crazy adventures that land me in the e.r. with an epic story and narrowly escape death multitudes of times, come up with badass ideas to save the world and create massive energy outputs, chop down trees and make delicious lasagna.  they like to claim my ship's never left the dock but the truth is they've just never seen my ship depart because i move in silence. i've been around the world and back again.  oh yeah and i also get your girl to side with me.  &#x200b;  you ain't bigger than me.", "hey, i am 27 years old and have a foot fetish. i enjoy engaging in foot worship. if you don't know the terminology, it means massaging your feet while doing things like sucking your toes, licking the soles, nibbling on your heel. the experience is just like a very long and sensual foot massage that should be a pleasurable experience. i have done this often and have met women off reddit for this purpose.  i am white, 5'10\", 150 lbs, and i work out to stay in shape. i have a grad school degree and am employed as an analyst. i'm very laid back and am a good listener if you just want to talk about your issues or problems while i worship your feet.  if this sparked your interest, write back. i have no preference for age or race.", "have you ever wished you could be a (or another) girl? experienced how it is to have the body of a celeb you know or your crush?   do you want to impersonate someone?   maybe you'd like to be your dreamgirl for a night and see how successful she can be with man?   celebs, amateurs, whoever you want. impersonate her, catfish me, make me think that you are that person. willing to show on kik", "hey there! title says it all pretty much. i'm uncut and love to show off! i'm pretty open minded and like relieving live pics from guys but some pics of girls thrown in the mix would be awesome too. hit me up with asl and i'll get back to you asap", "my and my girlfriend do a lot in the bedroom, and the topic of anal has come up a couple times.  i had done it with previous partners, but they were all experienced in that subject before me.  she is willing to try it and enjoys play/ getting eaten out down there, however i am worried about hurting her as i am a little above average in size.   what are the steps we need to take to make this a reality? how can i be sure that she is comfortable?", "slave 24, pig only. looking for a really kinky master into anything humiliating. watersports (piss), food, feet, smells. i'll do anything you want. ex: i've been ordered to puta banana in my ass, then poo it, piss on it, and eat it. i've been asked to pee on a dirty sock, and use it as my underwear for a week. limits: most anal/ blood/ public/ showing face. everything else is up to you, master. (hairy+++ bear +++ canadian+++) 18+ only add: thepupett", "alright today theme gonna be a group chat that fill with female and futa/herm. basically see how long i can run it. i will explain the details once you contact me. toodles.", "how does this even work! do i post a picture or do i just describe myself?", "my snap is proteinshakez88", "i've got a (dom) fwb at the moment who i've been messing around with (mostly blowjobs and fingering etc). tomorrow i'm most likely gonna reap the full \"benefits\" of our relationship. for all you dom men out there, i'd love if you'd share with me what turns you on the most when fucking a girl? i wanna be a good slut/let him use me but i really aim to please ;)"]